My workspace is great.
Lighting in parking lot is a concern.  Our cubicles aren't vacuumed often enough.  The East entrance has a mildew smell in the corner as you badge in on the outside of building.  Paint on the walls could be freshened up.
Stairwells need to be clean more often and toilets working conditions need to be monitored and fixed.
I work in a brand-new building that is quickly becoming overcrowded one year and a half after we moved in. GSA planned poorly by putting in requirements for a building that is large enough for future growth. Parking becomes limited, especially when large cars double park. Also, the automatic sinks and toilets break down or not enough water comes out and don't seem to get fixed. Employees in the SCIF also have substandard equipment compared to the folks outside the SCIF. Conflicts frequently break out among those who feel the lights are too bright, and want them turned off, and those who don't want to work in the darkness and have to bring their own lamps from home to appease those who complain about the overhead lights being too bright. Wish GSA would install lighting where the brightness can be adjusted so it's not either 1) completely off or 2) all on.
None
Parking lot is not adequately or timely plowed in the winter. Parking lot is extremely icy and slippery.
I have problems with getting cellphone and Wi-Fi reception in my office and in the building in general.  I have continually commented on the restrooms in particular on the 3rd floor.  These restrooms have high a volume with the Credit Union, conference rooms and offices being on this floor.  They need to be cleaned and supplied more often.  Also, the water pressure is low at times and the toilets do not flush completely.  Warm water for washing hands is important.  The restrooms are typically cleaned at 2 pm.  The gym is also on 3rd floor and I have previously commented that it does not make sense to have both (in the gym and main hallway) ladies rooms shutdown at the SAME TIME for cleaning, and then have both men's room shutdown.  It would make more sense to alternate (e.g., have the men's room in they gym shutdown and the women's room in the main hall shutdown or do the men and women's room in the gym at the same time) so there is always one restroom accessible for each gender.
My coworkers and I are currently sitting here in a building with no air conditioning while temperatures hover around 90 degrees. There is no air circulation and we were not provided any fans or relief. This has been an ongoing issue that started in the mailroom and several offices downstairs. The mailroom was unbearable at one point. So there was warning about an air issue. Now, here we are, in the middle of summer, with no air. Could it be worse? Sure.
I have an office in the old portion of the building.  I also run a lab in the building that is in need of upgrades. Upper management has commented that they are reluctant to bring visitors to my lab because of cave-like appearance.
Every thing is ok
I have and very much need a single office for focused intense and confidential workload.  Open layouts may work for those who need to be creative and interactive but are a nightmare for those who need to concentrate and be productive and whose communications and documents are sensitive.  I wish the planners spent more time understanding the nature of different work needs and less trying to impose a one (very-small) size fits all model.
My respiratory system has developed a sensitivity to unknown irritants, which I deal with daily because of my job.  I was moved into a tiny room adjacent to the room where the items I maintain are stored, and also adjacent to the 3-story atrium in our building.  The building does not protect me from the irritants on the items I maintain, and the atrium causes me to hear cleaning noises and conversations from 3 floors, in addition to smells from 3 floors.
Building services are lacking, would like to see more food options and place to purchase convenience items (bottled water, candy bar).
I am in a workspace that have partitions and a sliding door. most people can look over the partitions and door. I work with sensitive items for my agency and should behind a closed door with a lock. this issue has been brought to their attention but with no response.
Very dissatisfied concerning the lack of a cafeteria in the building.
Compared to a few other federal government buildings and even state government buildings I have been to, the one I am currently in is a very tight space.  You can hear everything people are saying in the cubes around you, there is no privacy.  There is no ventilation sound or white noise to help drown out other conversations.  Aside from the cube walls I share on three sides, the cube across from me is about 3 feet away.  I often need to put my headphones in when I need to get personal desk work done.
this is a USDA leased building with multiple USDA agencies and there is no security at all. Anyone can enter into the building and there are multiple floors with no elevator. In addition, the bathrooms are located in the hallway where the general public can access the bathroom.
I dislike that in our building we have no common eating area as we once did. The elevators are unleveled at times, almost causing us to trip over the floor. The elevators have no sound or light to notify us when it arrives/opens. The second floor entrance is now closed causing employees to have to go down to the 1st floor then back up to the cafe on the 2nd floor, which takes time from breaks and lunches, yet there is a guard sitting outside of the gate that is closed.
Who was the genius that woke up thinking to turn off the air over the weekends and then on Monday it is totally hot for the majority of the day.  It doesn't save anyone money, if the system has to work twice as hard to cool or heat an office building of six floors....
When we moved to the new building in 2015 we were told we could get stand up desk. That did not happen, after seeing the new ANM RO they received integrated desk that raise up with the push of a button for stand up work. I have gotten a riser for my workstation but it is large and bulky and takes up lot of space and has made my work surface area less usable,  but I require the ability to use it to stand up part of the day and work.
The Ops Center is being redesigned, so this should be addressed with that, but seriously - you've got to figure out a way to clean SCIFs or it will be the same in a few years.
OLD, BROKEN AND SOILED CHAIRS ARE A CONCERN. OLD FURNITURE AND OBSELETE SUPPLIES ARE LAYING  AROUND OR PUSHED INTO A CORNER. COMPUTERS ARE OLD AND OBSELETE.  KEYBOARD STANDS ARE SOMETIMES BROKEN, MAKING IT DIFFICULT TO POSITION THE KEYBOARD TO HELP WITH WRIST ERGONOMICS.
Our facility is great. Solid construction, very few maintenance issues. Location is also ideal. Our concerns are always addressed promptly. Aside from being cool at times, the office is quiet and very comfortable. Everyone is able to get their jobs done.
there is a lobby with a very old L shaped counter with computers and wires hanging everywhere and extension cords because none of the counters were built to house computers or electronics.
Self flush toilets flush too quickly. The janitors vacuum the floors/offices at 10:00, disrupting meetings and teleconferences. The puck system for entry is cumbersome. Ventilation is noisy.
The temperature in the building is either too hot or too cold.  Difficult to get the temperature correct and a lot of people use space heaters under their desks in the winter because the heat comes from the ceilings and doesn't get below the cubicle desk.  There is a large conference room and a small meeting room.  However, the small meeting room doesn't have a working phone and hasn't for months.  So there is no place to go to have a small meeting or private phone call without checking out the whole conference room  Nothing is truly private however, including performance reviews, etc. because all of us with desks near the conference/meeting rooms can hear everything that goes on through the poorly constructed walls.  We don't have any room for storage of field equipment and had to purchase small sheds to put in the back parking area to accommodate some of our equipment, hence so much stored under my desk.  We also don't have enough room in the cubicles for reference material, publications, old documents that we use to go back to as projects get implemented years after the NEPA was completed, etc. so we have book cases and file cabinets in hallways.
I am told that we will be leaving the Lacey office in the next few years to go to cubicles in an office building. This will seriously erode morale in the office and lead to staff turnover.
The Phoenix VA continues to over occupy the existing structure, this issue is exacerbated by the constant construction on the existing structure further compressing staff. There is not enough parking or bathroom facilities to serve the occupants yet additional staff and patients are being crammed in existing spaces. The office ventilation in many areas is sufficient for one or two staff not the four or five occupants many spaces have. Work from home assignments are optimal as a cure to the existing over occupation of many office areas but unfortunately the electronic infrastructure of the VA (VISTA) and privacy concerns hamper the effective use of these assignments.
The place is dirty, dead bugs and water stains from leaking roof in most overhead lighting; dirt encrusted vents with dirt falling down from them overhead; once in a while they clean the bathroom; have to chase the janitor to get towels and toilet paper.
I like the privacy of the high partitions, and the collegiality they facilitate, low partitions would make it impossible to do our work, since we work individually, low partitions would offer too many distractions.  We have good meeting spaces for when we need to work with others, or to check in with others on team projects.\\The common lunch rooms are very clean. Some bathrooms need improved cleaning. The carpets are very stained and dusty.\\The cleaning staff are friendly and will try to do what we ask when needed, but some improvement in the vacuuming and dusting is needed.\\The air from the vents is dusty and smells moldy.
Furniture configuration makes it difficult to get good IT equipment configuration.
I'm basically satisfied with my immediate workspace/desk. However, the largest concern is the lack of storage space-- There is no space available to store my field and fire gear. Not enough bookshelf room for all the files that I access frequently. The restrooms are inadequate, sink backs up often, urinal does not flush completely (about half the contents remain after flushing). There is no building maintenance person so the process for getting things fixed/replaced is not well understood or does not happen for weeks.  I understand the cost effectiveness of cheap 1 ply toilet paper, but the "John Wayne toilet paper (rough and tough and doesn't take crap from anybody) is inadequate.
This building has a huge issue with smoking.  There are only a few individuals that smoke and they do not follow the rules.  They smoke in the doorways of the building when it rains, they stand right outside of the doors and close to air intakes when they smoke on non rainy days.  The basement and elevators constantly smell of smoke.  Furthermore, I am extremely dissatisfied with where they place the red cigarette barrel, it is right next to my car, I am allergic to cigarette smoke and it frequently gets into my car.  I have asked that it be moved further away but it always ends up back next to my car.\\Additionally we have had several issues with the security guards who work on the weekends and after hours.  They are not providing proper protection, they have wedged the exterior doors open while they patrol the exterior of the building so that people from the street could enter the building.  The weekend security personnel have also been rude to my employees.
The walls are too thin and they are flimsy, they are falling apart. You can hear every conversation through our walls.
FIX ELEVATORS \AND THE SMART CARD BOX TO GET IN BEFORE 600 AM
Our elevator goes out on a regular basis.  It takes months to fix.  It is piss poor that it takes months to fix the elevator.  No excuse.
The food on the 2nd floor is horrible.  It's so bad that I try very hard not to go there for lunch but there are occasions that I need something quick and I go strictly out of necessity.  There have been times that the food actually made me sick.  Since it has changed hands the food has just become absolutely horrible.
logistics
The area I work in is behind a secure door. The office is located next to a kitchenette at the end of a short hallway with only one way in. The door does not have a peep hole or camera to see who is knocking on the other side. In the event of a fire we are trapped and if there were an active shooter knocking on the door they would be let into the area.\\The other issue with this space is the design of the heating and air conditioning vents over the windows. The air blows directly onto the shelf above my head and creates a draft of cold air. The draft dries my eyes out and my fingers are extremely cold. I and others have raised this issue on a number of occasions and the issue has not been corrected.
There are only two toilets for the above second level. There are well over 40 employees. The toilets are overused. There is no working ventilation for the restrooms. The restrooms are always smelly. The cleaning staff does a great job cleaning them but due to the overuse of the restrooms, they only remain clean momentarily. Similarly, there are too many workers to properly fit the he building.
The Mental Health clinic and inpatient psychiatry are terrible, depressing, dirty and broken down
The people in my area are very loud and don't care when others complain
I am extremely dissatisfied with the food choices and prices on this campus. This campus is isolated and the food vendors are subpar.
Actually this is one of the better physical environments I've worked in.  However in terms of long-term health, with many of our jobs being sedentary, it may be better if work stations would be equipped to encourage more standing while working.  However I realize the office equipment may be managed by another entity.
no privacy - can hear patient conversations from adjacent operatories\noisy\not enough space in the waiting room for patients
My duty location is at the Fannie Mae building; however, when I come to corporate office of FHFA, there are a few hoteling spaces and it is hard to find a workspace (if at all).
This is the single greatest building I have ever worked in in my entire life.
The partitions could have been higher so one could continue to work privately, while a cubical mate is carrying on a conversation and to prevent others from sucked into their conversations. Asking for your opinion.
Too many people in too little space on first floor
I am very happy with the design of my work area and would not be happy if the cubicle walls were so short that many people could be seen. This would distract me from the type of work that I need to get done. The cleaning people must not be allowed to dust inside of our cubicles since dust builds up behind my laptop and I do my own dusting. OVERALL I AM VERY SATISFIED JUST THE WAY IT IS.
Bathrooms need to be gutted and completely re-done.  We are 50 years behind the rest of the civilized world.
My comment on 2nd hand smoke at entrances is because of smokers being discourteous and not abiding by the policy.  There are cigarette butts all over the place before you enter.  I also do not fault the custodial staff about cleanliness of the restrooms as much as I blame whoever is supposed to be supervising them.  We are tenants so I feel we are not their top priority.  We have to ask to have our area vacuumed.
somewhat satisfied but room for improvement
I would like to see the HVAC units be cleaned ,also remove/clean the dust that lies on top of the Light fixtures, pipes AND HVAC UNITS , in my work area.I along with coworkers sneeze daily .I hardly ever sneeze at home. The dust causes this issue. I would like to see more picnic tables for lunch time, we currently have 2.This is needed for the large amount of employees. Thank you.
building too small for the amount of employees. has single use restrooms, often with a wait. no break area or sink for dishes. parking area for government rigs is narrow, and does not have enough space for all of the districts vehicles
Half of this year I have worked in one location and half the year at another location (same department and bureau but different states) and could potentially give you feedback on two very different locations.  Likely, I am not the only one in this kind of position.  Please consider adding the opportunity for a person to evaluate their experiences with GSA at multiple locations in your next survey.  \\In addition, when answering the question: “How satisfied are you with the temperature in your building?” then “Please indicate which of the following factors influenced your answer to the previous question.  Select all that apply.”  When I select “Other:” there is no space for me to enter information.  I am extremely dissatisfied with the temperature in the building because in the winter the heat comes on at the perimeter of the building near the windows and I am in one of the center offices with only an A/C duct feeding my office, so I stay cold even in the winter.  In the summer, the A/C ducts blow cold air on us in our small offices a lot of the time in efforts to cool the entire floor (especially when our doors are shut and it gets freezing), so even in the summer I stay cold most of the summer.  There was a time in the last year when I submitted a request for the temperature to be examined by GSA because about 5 other people working closer out to the warm perimeter complained how cold they were, as they were wearing winter coats inside the building as they were lifting boxes, pushing carts, and doing plenty of physical work that could or should have helped keep them warm.  GSA very kindly came and tried to resolve the problem and to some extent they did.  The remaining issue is: the heat vents are at the outside of the building on the common floor space area by the windows, and the A/C is inside our individual offices keeping us chilly and wearing sweaters all year long.  Thank you for your consideration.
The urinals in the men's rooms of building 52/72 are too shallow causing urine to splash out during use. This is especially true in men's rooms that have one urinal, set low for disability access.
I really like the office space we have now at 200 Vesey Street.  The location is superb and the building and surrounding area are very accessible for commuters.
Since this building has both "old" and "new" sections, and the fact that we're up against a river, and built on an ex-garbage site, its held together nicely.
I have had a guard tell me to jump a curb on my motorcycle and operate it illegally on a public sidewalk because the "gate might not close right" if I use my keycard to come into the parking lot.  Who is going to pay for the fines and damage to my personal property if I do so, and who do I sue?Professionalism in the guards is highly variable at best.  Some are good and do their job, some not so much.
Open-concept work spaces are the dumbest idea ever and no one should have to work in those conditions. At least once a year, restrooms should receive a thorough professional cleaning or current staff should have better equipment and training. Mopping restroom floors with a string mop means hair and other debris gets moved around, not picked up. Over time, dirty water causes grout discolorations at the edges of the floor. There is sometimes visible filth on stall walls or doors that isn't cleaned off for a week or more. Stainless finishes are usually smeary. The platform/drain on water bottle fill stations is disgusting. Occasional odor in restrooms from dry floor drain traps--easy to remedy, but employees usually have to do it.
We have six workstations for 10 CRNAs.
I am the office manager for the OHO/SSA office.  Our landlord has a read and react method of reacting to issues as opposed to assigning people on a regular basis to maintain light fixtures, toilet issues, and landscaping.  While the landlord representative is generally responsive, a prior agreement between us has gone by the wayside with regard to having a person come periodically (i.e., twice monthly) to check the lighting and replace bulbs, as well as address any other issues.  Landscaping often goes untended until serious overgrowth has occurred.
I literally work in what most would call the hallway.  Lighting is for the whole area, not just my workstation so dimming is not feasible.  Noise levels are sometimes up when people congregate around my space.  A separation work area would be a great improvement.
Adequate cubicle work-space
Rats and cockroaches have become a big problem!
I am very happy with the building, the office space, and the location.  I hope we don't have to move when the lease is up for renewal.
The windows are cleaned on a regular basis, but not the window shades.  I would like to see them cleaned at least once a year.
Having an actual office would be so great.\\There are definitely too many security people about for my comfort, and I'm distressed that they are all contractors.
1.  Cafe uses styrofoam!  They need to start using more environmentally-friendly alternatives.\2.  Ceiling leaks.  To "fix" the issue they hang buckets to catch the leaks.  The buckets get full, then eventually leak water all over work area.  (Serious; this has happened recently!)\3.  Calcified gunk on water faucets throughout the building.\4.  Garage floor was getting cleaned during business hours recently.  The air quality that we had to walk through to get to our vehicles was terrible.\5.  Temps, in summer and winter, are consistently 68 degrees or lower in the 4C module.\6.  Occasionally noticeable dust/dirt particles drop from the ceiling onto the desk space.\7.  Occasionally brown/yellow water comes out of the bathroom faucets.\8.  Bathroom water is always cold when washing hands.\9.  Follow-up calls from GSA when a problem that's been reported has supposedly been fixed would be appreciated (that never happens).
The redesigned X-ray area is highly dysfunctional. It's a lot more unnecessary running around. It takes longer to process Commercial trucks.\\Always too hot in the Peace Bridge warehouse. Unable to adjust. Centrally controlled and no one from the bridge authority can ever adjust or fix it. Production of work is extremely hampered when everyone is very hot.
Building has been going through some major renovations so the front of the building, the lobby and the cafeteria on the 3rd floor have all been affected and so was unable to give the appearance of the exterior and interior public areas a higher rating. This has been a pretty messy and has lasted a long time project so hopefully it will be completed soon.
Workspaces are adequate, though condensed into one small area with low partitions. In a 3-story building, with only 8 total employees who are all gathered together on one side of one floor, it seems the space could have been designed/utilized in a more efficient manner, (i.e., more actual "usable" space in the building versus the unnecessary and redundant multiple conference rooms and multi-purpose room which seems to ironically not serve a purpose.) The staff that care for the building, however, do an excellent job.
The lunch rooms and restrooms are disgusting. The maintenance people pass the sopping wet mop over the toilets without any kind of chemical or product to disinfect and remove odors. Lunch rooms always smell like grocery store dumpsters. The windows blinds are very dirty, and when they made an attempt to clean them they threw all the dust on over the desks and keyboards. They are still dirty.
The office space was recently built, but we don't have bathroom's for our space, solely. And as far as I know we don't have the ability to regulate our temperature. Even if we couldn't control the thermostat we should have pushed for vent control.
Too small, no doors, not enough outlets
Carpets in work space need to be cleaned. The elevators and stairwells have a bad smell.
Bldg is old.  Resources are limited for maintenance and upkeep.
The elevators are my biggest complaint.  The are slow to close and open.  And, I'm on the highest floor and all the elevators default to the 1st Floor when not in use.  I'd like to see at least one of the five elevators default to the highest floor.  We in the upper floors have to often wait for the elevators to come from the first floor.
The checkpoint that has the architectural design on the celling is so bad for the air flow to the checkpoint. We have to run big noisy fans to cool it down. Passengers and employees are complaining of how hot it is. Maybe they should have designed it with some kind of ceiling fan that would help with the air flow and cooling.
Need timely resolution to crucial security structures such as vehicle gates and doors. Numerous problems with getting timely resolution to PIV ID Card Reader systems and repairs to main entrances of building and separate clinics (weeks and months versus 1 day). Problems with nonfunctioning temperature/humidity controls and elevators need to be resolved in a timely manner (same day resolution needed versus weeks as this compromises quality of health care services and customer service delivery). Need an effective pest control system that includes foul/geese mitigation-removal. Desirable for building maintenance to make minor repairs to patch & paint office walls when an occupant vacates after 2 years (i.e., 6 small nail holes from personal picture frames) without having to complete a separate purchase order for repairs as this could be considered an expected normal wear and tear of an occupant office space.
The only reason my workstation stays clean is because I clean it including the carpets. Two lights have been out for weeks and still not fixed.
It's come to my attention that another building, that houses upper management, had an incident with a small amount of mold.  This building was completely evacuated, cleaned and had new furniture installed.  Me on the other hand had a complete flood in my office.  I waited till later in the day before someone came and vacuumed up the water.  My walls are stained with mold and mildew, my carpet was also had mold and mildew.  After a few weeks the carpet was finally replaced.  My concern is, why was my issue treated as a much lower concern but yet had a much more severe issue that the other building?
As stated before Maintenance Supervisor often ignores work requests, hides from GSA management and generally needs to be fired.  He smokes daily inside of federal buildings. No one knows why he continues to collect a paycheck.
Stairs are severe tripping hazard...uneven riser heights.  I have fallen and other have fallen.  One serious fall since I have worked here in the last 15 years.   Building cooling/heating system is the worst that I have seen in my career.
Overhead lighting LED should not be removed or turned off as part of the office building because there are too many employees that have sensitive eyes that it should be a standard that overhead lighting not be removed due to OSHA Code and meet minimum standards for lighting in the office area.  But does reasonable accommodation fall into this issue because that is why these overhead lights have been removed.  We have new supervisors and a lot do not know what options they have and once you allow one person the accommodation to turn off his overhead lighting without considering others around is not helping.
There needs to be a security guard in the "smoking section" of the building at all times of the day.  I fear for my safety in the "designated area"
The building is very out.  Rain penetrates the windows under certain wind conditions and not all offices can have a/c units installed.  Debris/dust from the cinder block walls around the windows is always falling on the sills and floor.  The old radiators and heating pipeshave never been cleaned and are full of dust and dirt.
We are in a medical building therefore the public has access.  The bathrooms are in horrible condition and are not cleaned regularly.  Daily there are no supplies (toilet paper, paper towels). The cleaning staff often doesn't come unit our office suite to pick up trash. The common areas are filled with patients, often sick, waiting for doctor's appointments.  This is not a building for an office, everyone else here is a doctor's office or medical records company.
There are not enough outlets. A number of the outlets are behind the furniture that can't be moved. The carpet in my office and the common areas need to be cleaned. In some of the common areas the carpet tiles are coming up.
Not centrally located.
Cube space too small and lack of availability of a stand up working desk.
The temperature inside the building is too hot in the winter and too cold in the summer.  The bathrooms are open to the public and are not well maintained or secure.  The vents in the bathroom haven't been cleaned in months and are covered in some kind of growth.  The building management gets upset if someone complains or puts in a ticket for maintenance.  There are homeless people loitering on the weekends.
Space is at a premium in our facility but yet massive amounts of equipment and supplies are stored in much needed employee space.
I have a cubicle that opens to a window wall which provides sufficient light in the event of a power outage during the day. \\PS your survey would not accept my department, building location even though it prompted me several times after completing it correctly. After completing the survey I see that the building info location was saved but the fact that it was cleared after leaving the page was confusing.
The current post orders for the security guard are ludicrous. In so much, that they are not to assist with unruly persons unless eye contact is made with the employee.  The design of the office makes that impossible.
I would much more prefer a less open workspace, with higher partitions.
Building is old and ugly and the outside is un-kept.  parking lot needs to be properly marked.  the weeds all around the building need to be taken care of.  the temperature controls and zone or inadequate.
Problems with roof leaks.
The Richmond Federal building replaced its cafeteria with a lot of drink and snack machines which are out of order 90% of the time, it appears. I would like them to reopen the actual cafeteria with cooked food.
If we want to try to improve our workspace we have to scrounge for spare parts in the basement.
Security may perform an excellent job - I simply don't have the basis to judge, not being part of any security incidents. The K9 "Tank" is very dedicated to his job, that is clear.
Floors need to be dusted more frequently.  They cannot be mopped just once a week or less often.  I knelt down on the floor to retrieve a dropped item, and my pants were completely covered in dirt/dust.  The tops of shelves and wall mounted items need to be dusted more regularly.  Office is generally too cold, but if not too cold, then the rest of the areas are too hot.
VA police are great but we need more of them. We need a security officer (need not be police) stationed in 3rd floor common area, where difficult patients for two clinics have to congregate and the interactions become rowdy and frightening to traumatized patients. .\ Main cleanliness problem is roaches. Lots of them, especially in stairwells. This is very, very unsatisfactory for a medical facility and contributes to a dirty look. \Grounds outside are very well kept.
REGARDING SECURITY, OUR CURRENT SECURITY GUARD SHOULD BE ORIENTED ABOUT HER DUTIES. SHE IS VERY HELPFUL WITH CLIENTS BUT TOO OFTEN CROSS WANTS TO BE THE "PAL". TOO OFTEN IN BREAKROOM
The windows could be cleaned more often. The AC and Heat was out for about 6 months while they were working on re-roofing but that is now done.
Screening operations for checked baggage are conducted in bagwell areas of the airport. This means being next to tugs, baggage handling systems, construction and other environment impacts. There is poor air quality (e.g. odors, concrete dust, humidity), noise issues, etc. The Port of Seattle constantly quotes various regs to justify their actions in keeping temperatures/humidity where they at despite making things bad for the personnenl working in those areas. TSA Safety does little to help. Safety regs often are designed to protect an agency/entity from liability. Never really taking an interest in supporting the people working in those conditions on a daily basis.
They're moving our offices & the workspace/cubicles are going to be smaller.  They're already TOO SMALL!!!!
The Trenton RA is in a newly-renovated building.  The issues with heating/HVAC are still being worked.  The sound abatement issue is one which was only realized when we re-occupied the space.  The main squad bay is more noisy.  Even the sound of the air flow from the heating/HVAC is loud.  Some sound abatement panels to deaden the noise n general would improve the work climate.
Work surface area is too small.
'- Overall cleanliness has improved\- Still many areas that are in need of attention- ceilings, some bathrooms on wards\- Security is mostly professional but some are not and can be difficult to approach
with regard to the workstations, it would have been nice to have no openings.  where I sit, I feel like I'm peaking in the office across from me.  Otherwise, I'm good.
MOST COMFORTABLE OFFICE SPACE I HAVE EVER WORKED IN.  ENTIRE BUILDING IS MANAGED EXTREMELY WELL.
The office needs more space. This is a 24 hour office that has outdated furniture and equipment.
Very happy with my workstation. The break rooms and restrooms need to be taken better care of. Overall I am happy with the building.
Building is rarely cleaned or vacuumed. Security guards in bldg.16 are a joke. They never check ID and rarely look up from their phones or stop their conversations. They seem way too chummy with many employees and spend their time talking about sports or using their cellphones rather than assessing any potential security issues. Paying them is a big waste of money for them to just spend all day doing nothing related to our safety.    \\The fluorescent lighting is a hazard and needs to be replaced with full spectrum lights. The current lighting is harsh and multiple studies document production and health issues related to this form of lighting. \\Many handicapped designated and carpool only designated parking spaces sit unused in the bldg. 16 parking deck every day.
none
Please repair the automated entry door to building 105.  The handicap push button does not open both entry doors.  This is an ongoing issue.
I Love that the desk tops are flexible enough to allow me to stand.  I wish it were not facing the corner.
the overall "look" of this building is very outdated. Would be nice if the med/surg floor got a facelift like RRTP or Amb Care.
Food in the cafeteria is horrendous. Everybody knows it and nothing is being done about that. Mushy/ rotten vegetables in the salad bar, distasteful meals, the employees can touch food with their hands without wearing gloves. It would be nice to have a food business in the building where the owner cared for the customers and the product they served.
Basically, the layout limits people who have windows to see out while working when plenty of windows are in the area. This also fails to provide good lighting, with the lack of lighting above us, and makes you feel closed in.This may limit air quality.
The interior of the building is finally painted after 30 years. But the bathrooms need total renovation. Old toilets, urinals which either do not flush or the flush meter valve gets stuck and water constantly runs. The rugs need to be eliminated and new vinyl flooring placed down for sanitary measures. The security panels entering and exiting rooms and areas are wired to the outlets. When the outlets go out due to a blown fuse, the security swipes to enter rooms and areas no longer work. This is wrongly set up and I believe illegal. The swipe to enter room M-43 at Bldg 77 is wired to the sockets. When a floor wax machine blew the circuit, the swipe to enter M-43 does not work, too. Stupid electrical work!
The air filters need to be change more frequently in my office space.  I have allergies and asthma and the symptoms get bad with dust and mold.
The low cube walls and wide open entrys reduce the level of privacy that I feel. I do not feel that the design of these cubes is conducive to good work habits for professionals.
high chair and desk high for stand or sit on high chair
It would be nice to have a shower in the build so that members can  workout doing lunch or ride/jog to work.
(1) I'm in Public and Indian Housing, not the Office of the Secretary, but it was the only way I found to get my building to come up.\(2) As a supervisor, handling delicate matters is difficult out of a cube and there is limited meeting space that is easy to reserve.\(3) As someone with ADHD, the open office space makes it difficult for me to function sometimes.
The furniture is from the 50's or 60's. The partitions are old and dirty.
there is no privacy in the office when it comes to interviewing claimants whether it be in the office or over the phone.  It is extremely important that our claimants feel that their business is being handled professionally and without everyone in the office having the ability to hear it.  We deal with sensitive and private information that does not need to be in the open for everyone to hear.  Had our office been structured much differently during the renovation for not only the public waiting area and interviewing booths but for each employee's desk and personal space, I think there would be much more privacy for everyone.  As it stands now, there are only 5 interviewing booths and if all full, it is impossible to have privacy and hear what the claimant is wanting as opposed to hearing what is happening in the interview beside you.
Having the cleaning staff, spray and buff the carpet during work hours is not a good idea.  You have to move for them to work and I am sensitive to odors and the smell gave me a headache.  I was told that they could not work on the weekend to get that done but that should change or we should be notified when it will be done so we can have people work at home those days.
Limited space available for those who work in the community and work from the Clinics throughout the day.  Space always seems to be at a minimum if at all available.
Very poor design of workspace area. I wish I had two distinct spaces to work at (desk should be L-shaped or two surfaces opposite each other). There is a second surface, but you can only set things on it - you cannot sit and work there.  \\ I used to have a shelf with a fluorescent light mounted underneath it. It provided great light - better than the task lamp. And I could control the brightness by twisting a plastic sheath over it. Overhead light hurts my head. The peripheral lights along the edge of the wall also give me headaches. It's a constant struggle to work in the office building. \\Also, the AQ is still a problem. It has improved, but it is still bad in the early morning hours and particularly on a Monday (after the weekend) or a day after a holiday.
Building design and layout creates significant wasted space while personnel don't have enough work space or privacy.
The only downside to my workstation is that I often receive phone calls from individuals overseas and have to speak loudly because the connection is not often clear.  My entire office can hear these conversations, which sometimes include information that can be sensitive in nature.  I also frequently have to create recordings, which I am unable to do from my workstation due to background noise.
I would rate my workspace higher if GSA did a better job eliminating mice from our workspace. Despite taking measures securing food, etc., we have trapped no less than 33 mice since last August in my immediate area. The old fashioned wooden traps really don't do much, you have to figure out where the mice are getting in (green roof?) and do a better job eradicating them. I note that one of our colleagues installed a couple of plug-in ultrasonic pest deterrents, and we have only trapped a single mouse since then. Why not use a higher tech solution in the whole building? Too many days the traps set (and not really maintained all that well) traps are licked clean and don't get rebaited for many days unless a ticket is submitted. And there have been odor and decaying mouse remains issues in the traps if the employees in the immediate area do not remove the mice themselves. Unfortunately, when we do so, the exterminator has no idea how many mice we have removed and the situation doesn't improve. This is an unpleasant and potentially unhealthy situation that should be addressed before someone comes down with a rodent-distributed illness like Hanta virus or worse.
Rooms have been added to the list of available meeting spaces that contain personally identifiable information and attempts to have these rooms removed as meeting spaces has not been successful.
My work conditions are deplorable and would never be tolerated in the private sector -- stained carpets, peeling paint, temporary building that's been in place for almost 3 decades, no natural light, intense fluorescent lights, no break room, no access to filtered water, we have to constantly call to get toilet paper and paper towels refilled, they never clean anything and only empty the trash -- carpets and floor are filthy, dust is everywhere, no access for stretch breaks. There are mice/rat feces, and we see them running around up in the light fixtures and on the floor. It's disgusting! This building is a horrible place to work. The only redeeming factor is that it is a private office.
The high cubicle walls help concentration and also serve as a surface to post work-related reference materials. Low cubicle walls would be a huge mistake and would hinder productivity.
Would like to see carpet get vacuumed at the least once a week.
The noise level in my office is extremely high when people are speaking in a normal voice both in adjacent work spaces and several aisles over.  When people are talking it is extremely difficult to focus on my work.  I moved onto a newly renovated floor in January of 2018 and it is much louder than the old pre-renovated work space.
There is no central gathering spot for employees in the building.  If you would like to leave your cubicle to work on editing in a different, more hub-bub setting none is available.  If you need to take a call of a sensitive nature, there is no where to go.  Overall the interior of the building is very run down.  The entrance foyer reminds me of coming into a cheap hotel but without the welcoming staff.   Walking in the front door, you would never know that our building houses the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service.
VA Police are useless and do not want to help and do their job. Other VA Police are pro-active. These guys are entitled. Building manager actually mocks safety concerns and will kick the loose flooring tile and joke about the safety concerns. A man was grinding the wax off the floor without the use of a facemask, inhaling the dust and compounds stirred up. This was brought to the building/housekeeping supervisor. He stated, "He could wear a mask if he wanted too, not my problem." Very dangerous. This is the worst VA for a reason.
Cleanliness of bathrooms is a significant issue.  I notice there is a bathroom on the ground floor of Bldg 203 that has a log of when the bathroom was last cleaned that gets signed off on each day.  I notice that that bathroom is always clean and a pleasure to use.  Could this be made a more standard procedure?
These cubicles are not designed for privacy. Every little noise or tapping or vibrations from movement is detected and felt. The NOISE from other workers is overwhelming.
Building needs serious maintenance and repairs which have been pushed off for years.
The area is extremely noisy! I work on loan doc's that need to not have any errors. It is hard to concentrate.
I work at 1200 District Avenue Burlington MA for the DOT, FAA, Boston FSDO. This survey deleted my answers as to where I work and I do not want to take the time to go back through all the pages to update it again. I am very dissatisfied with the cleanliness of the building in the restrooms, windows and common areas. There are no private common areas to take care of personal business on breaks. There are not enough exits out of the building and not enough natural light due to cubicle walls. The air quality is terrible in the building as can be seen by dead plants all over the office. The carpet is filthy, stained and old.
Our office lights turned off at 5:30pm, it used to be motion-sensitive and could be turn back on when people continued to work and moved around.  But it changed recently and no longer motion-sensitive, we were told to use an override switch to extend the lighting but it did NOT work in our area and not working in my isle.  If the lights cannot be turned on, it effectively tells the employees to leave even we do not mind to stay late and do some more work....
I really don't like entering the building as it's always surrounded by smokers.
Please address the mice issue on the building
My workspace is great, it should be as ICE had to pay triple the market rate to have the project completed.  We funded an additional project for paint flooring and new systems furniture.  GSA had two years to complete the project.  All they could get done was the plans, which cost over $200,000.  That's about 10 times the market rate.  What a rip off.
Our restroom, shower and  locker area is not adequate  for the number of personnel we have.
I am happy with the building management -- all my concerns relate to how CBP set up our work space by not providing sound-proofing for our management's offices, shared conference rooms, and phone booths. It's not possible to find a quiet private place for a phone call or to speak with my supervisor. So this does not reflect on  building management -- it was CBP's choice how to set up our office space. However, I do have one request for building management and that is, we have no outdoor shared space. If there is any portion of the rooftop not covered in HVAC equipment where some outdoor seating could go, the tenants would appreciate having that space available.
the lounge on the 2nd floor is really nice.
The way the space is configured for staff is not well configured.  Storage is at a bare minimum.  We need more storage space in our suite.
The enclosed single-person offices are important to our ability to do our jobs.  However, the lighting in my office is particularly poor. Also, there is much natural beauty in our building.  However, it is covered by much ugly paint and the like.  For example, the door frames and the metal grates on top of the doors are very aesthetically pleasing. But they are covered by a particularly ugly shade of oil paint.  They should be stripped and restored.
The computers are set up so our back is to the door which is extremely dangerous in a psychiatric facility.  The shades do not block sunlight and the glare is difficult to tolerate and work
The cleaning staff coming by to empty individual trash cans in the middle of the afternoon can be distracting\\Old faucets in the bathroom create more paper towel waste (staff turn off the faucet with a paper towel after washing their hands versus a faucet with a sensor).\\Toilets get clogged a lot.\\Would be helpful to have hand soap in the kitchenettes within our office space.
Our office was supposed to be renovated back in 2001 but that never happened.  They lease a double wide trailer which served as an office for years now with 4 offices and a common area that we use as a conference room.  When the FS attempted to just purchase the trailer, the lease wouldn't.  Last year, we were told that our office would be renovated.  Well, as the plans changed, we were told by our former ranger that the workcenter will be renovated but not the office which makes no sense.  The pillars outside the front door are peeling, falling apart, some animals are living in them.  The entire plan was to re-do the office but then they said they can't expand on it, they can only change from within.  It needs to be leveled and completely redone.  The original plan was for it to be a 2 story office but due to the budget back then, it was changed to what it is now.  It has 8 offices with LEO in one which remains locked naturally.  Please ask the SO for our office plan to see what it looks like and the condition it is in now.  We need some help when it comes to getting our federal government office as it should be.  Another district just had their office redone in the mountains, I think it was the Appalachian.  It would be great if our offices were alike at least just a little.
I cannot control the temperature in my office, which is extreme, and affects my ability to do my job.
1. Gym is continuously dirty - floors within workout area need deep clean, as well as, the locker rooms\2. Complete lack of exterior perimeter security
My office is a good size with good external light.  I have modular furniture, which I am overall happy with.  I requested and received a standup desk, which I received but the placement with the modular furniture is awkward.
NO PATIENT PRIVACY WHEN SPEAKING TO PATIENTS
The custodial staff and security guards are excellent. \\My one suggestion is increased recycling. I suggest more recycling bins for cans and bottles. Many people just throw them into the trash cans at their desks.
'-very open but it's small office and not a lot of people so no problem \-regarding bathrooms - the water temperatures fluctuate a lot - women's bathroom on 7th wing is fine as it has hot and cold faucets  - but women's bathroom on 5th wing has only very hot water in all faucets - paper towel dispensers in 5th wing are always jamming - \-elevators on 6th wing north are extremely slow and quite scary since once you're in, you don't  know if the doors will open again -
Very please with my job and building. But bathrooms can be cleaner not just empty trash clean toliet
The kitchen refrigerator and Keurig water filters need to be changed more often.
Parking space for employees are very limited. Some of us have to park next door at a different business parking lot. Since it is not considered federal property, there is no security. The ones that are available are not suitable for bigger cars due to space limitations.
I sometimes attend up to 20 hours of conference calls a week. I manage a program that involves a lot of printing and plotting and I can't hear my calls. The staff I supervise are next to me. There normal work disturbs my calls and my calls disturb them. I have had comments from my staff that since I don't have a personal office they have difficulty approaching me for consultation as we have no where to go. The biggest issue though is the conference calls. They are required for my position. the noise is difficult to deal with.
Overall the Robert M. Ball building is in good shape, and there is good light.  We are always told that the conference rooms in the main hall are not available, but if you walk along they are mostly empty.  The "densification" of the building will cause issues, bathroom facilities will become overused and will lack enough toilets.  Lack of meeting rooms will continue to limit efficiency.  Parking will become a major issue.
The outside security cameras are of such poor quality that recordings of vehicle theft are virtually useless due to the poor picture quality.   You can see when it happens but cannot make out enough detail to be of use.
2/5 elevators are non-operational on a daily basis. The sensors do not work and close mid-entry. The doors do not open completely and elevator often stops mid floor or jerks open. Escalators have not been operational AT ALL for 2 months. Notified security of a broken window on building exterior (shattered glass and a hole 1 foot across) over 1 month ago and no repairs or cover has been made.  Air systems break regularly and black mold/dirt drop onto desk areas daily. Security officers are non-attentive and do not attend to security doors when employees exist after 8PM. Bathrooms and stairwells omit a strong noxious odor and building maintenance advised it was "old pipes leaking".
The temperature is by far the biggest issue. The window offices are miserably hot and those of us in cubes as well as the central conference rooms are freezing. I have a blanket that I use at all times. The routine trash pick up and restroom clean up is fine but there's no routine fixing of broken cubicle walls, there's been no cosmetic update in years and everything looks shabby.
No one listens, no one cares
The office is way too cold all the time winter/summer.
The HVAC ducts have never been cleaned. You can see black dust/mold at the vent outputs.
When I reviewed my survey responses, my building info does not show up, so my building info is as follows: DOT, FAA, Washington, DC, US, 800 Independence Ave SW, FOB 10A.  The bathrooms are horrible.  They are usually dirty and have odors.  The sinks have extremely poor water flow (almost to a dribble for most sinks).  There are often flies and other bugs in the bathrooms.  The whole building is infested with cockroaches and mice.  The FAA cafeteria has cockroaches (on the food areas such as the salad bar, and mice).  There are too few conference rooms, and the ones we do have lack many features to adequately support meetings (e.g. projection, presentation displays, VTC capabilities, good telecom equipment (some conference rooms require you to bring your own phone).  It is not uncommon to have multiple elevators inoperable -- one hasn't worked in months.  It is also not uncommon to have elevators go in the opposite direction from the selected floor, doors not opening when they are supposed to, or doors taking way too much time to close.  I've been on an elevator that the door stayed open so long, that I watched 3 or 4 other elevators come and go, despite people repeatedly pushing the door close button.
I don't care to use a keyboard tray.  I prefer to have the keyboard on my desk.  Although I have moved the tray as far out of my way as possible, the mounting hardware catches on my shirt, threatening to pop buttons.  \\I would also prefer to be able to reposition the file cabinet under my desk.  I would like to use both parts of my desk as writing stations, but the file cabinet effectively blocks half the space under my desk, rendering half my desk unusable to me for that.\\The pantry space has motion sensors that turn on the lights, but they only work if there is already plenty of light in the room.  So when it the natural light is dim, the lights don't come on.\\More granular control over the overhead lights over cubicles would be nice.  The bank above me covers three cubicle pods.  There are two people in one of the pods who like to keep the lights off, but I can't work that way.  It was suggested that I keep the blinds open, but most of the day the sunlight makes my computer screens almost illegible with the blinds open.\\Lastly, I mentioned in the move-in feedback form we all filled out when I moved in (when IHS moved in, 2015) that the surface of a door in my overhead bins had a 4 inch long crack in it.  I've seen a lot of people use these surfaces as dry-erase boards, but I can't see that being a good idea with a break in the surface like that.
I currently sit up front by myself and I have to got the back to get my property if needed. I have to leave the front unattended.
The work space partitions need to be higher to reduce the volume because when people stand up tp work at their desk the volume is so loud. In addition the lights in my workspace are so bright that they cause an extreme glare on the computer screen and we do not have anti-glare screens and management refuses to remove light without a doctors note which seems unreasonable.\Then there is the parking lot the spaces do not meet the city of Virginia Beach's requirement for the width so cars get hit all the time either by people opening the doors and they can barley squeeze out or they hit the cars will parking thinking that the space is a normal size (the spaces are smaller than the ones that are listed as compact). It seems to me that the building owner just tried to squeeze as many spaces in as possible because they can get away with it. In addition to that there are not enough parking places often times customers have to park across the street and walk from Walmart which is so messed up given that a large part of they people we serve are elderly or disabled. I do not understand why they building owner is allowed to do these things.
Bldg. 8 was jest renovated it had a new AC unit in the shop area it was taken out in the remodel now it get close to 90 deg. and very humid in the shop. No one will do any thing to fix it. The rest of the buildings Heat and AC work but cant control the different rooms so in winter bath room and locker room we have to use electric space heaters to get some heat. This was brought up as soon as we moved back in to building but they contractor said that's how it works live with it. So nothing has ever been done to the building to fix the problem
Investigators, in enforcement in particular, need to be able to have less noise from those around them to be able to conduct communication which can be sensitive in nature or to just concentrate on work.
It never changes
More stand up work stations should be made available to "hotel" IRS agents.  Stand up workstations in our suite only work with workstations in the corner of the cube, workstations with the computer area in cubes that are not in the corner do not rise high enough.  There are commercially available work stations that rise for stand up work.
I have been indicating the lack of vacuum for my personal office space for years. Nothing never has been done.  There should be a rule that all offices are vacuumed twice of week.  There is so much dust in my carpet and items on the floor that would come up with a vacuum cleaner.  There is no problem with the hall ways by the elevators.
Ventilation in the building could be improved upon.
No individual room HVAC control, although generally conditions are comfortable. Desk is vintage and not ergonomic.
I wish the VA HQ Bld had a stricter security system in place for ALL who enter, including employees, like at the Pentagon.  Random bag checks, badge machines for exit and entry to track time in/time out, etc.
I do feel like the layout of my workspace could be enhance for efficiency of workflow.
Our office lacks adequate lighting (natural and artificial). We cannot hear alarms or pages in our room when the door is closed. It is either too hot or cold in our office and the air quality is poor.
Constantly moving from one area to another due to not just one assigned work space or moving due to the other staff needs.
Too crowded; inadequate space and privacy.
More privacy around workstations would be useful. Some agencies in the same building have higher partitions, frosted glass and doors around their workstations.  This would be helpful for us too when having one-on-one discussions within workstations, on phone calls, or using software requiring sound, recording podcasts, etc.
Stairwells need to be painted after they get rid of the asbestos and lead.  The way that Goodfellas treats the people that work there.  Donna is not racist.  You are going to lose these folks and they are the best.  Please let Donna come back or I am afraid that Raymond may leave and that would be not be good for the complex.  They are very good the complex, so please allow Donna  to come back
The winter conditions for the outside of the building coming into it were lacking..lots of ice and snow on the roads
When the elevators are working, they are fine.  When they are out of service they are out of service for days or weeks, and do not always have signs showing they are out of service.
the common area being the hallway has carpeting that is very stained and needs either cleaning or replacing and the restroom needs soap dispensers that work-the present ones are either broken or defective.
our offices have not had a deep cleaning in over 12 years to include office carpets, ceiling tiles, walls, etc.  The reservation of meeting space is almost impossible.  Additionally building security is too challenging and invasive; requiring social security numbers of our visitors rendering a large broadly attending meeting almost impossible.
I'd like to mine the Hines mindbank to figure out how to use airflow /natural ventilation  to create a cooler warehouse space during the summer months.
Noise from metro is so loud it is sometimes virtually impossible to hear in some conference rooms.  Outlook integration with conference room scheduling system is problematic and results in double-bookings.
Anytime I contact Colliers they respond within 1-2 days they are efficient and do a great job.
We do not have privacy in our offices - there is an unusually-sized and -spaced "privacy panel" which does not provide any actual privacy. It would be nice to be able to close the door and actually have privacy if needed.\\My biggest concern is that our office is not environmentally friendly. People use multiple single-use cups for coffee and water every day, and very few people bother to recycle in the inconveniently-placed recycling bins.
1315 East West Hwy\Silver Spring, MD\SSMC3
Periodically, the staff restrooms are completely out of all paper products, but it is getting a little better.
I feel  that our floor are in poor condition and needs painting in the halls and nursing stations. There are holes in patient's rooms and the new showers flood all the time.  Our work station is small and uncomfortable for sitting in to chart. The med carts are also hard to use to chart as the chairs are too tall for me and the computers too slow. During the summer the area has poor ventilation and it is hot on the floor and in patient's rooms.
The security and layout of this building are not conducive for modern police work.  The exterior areas of the building are in disarray.  The gutters haven't been cleaned out in years.  The parking lot is unmarked and in need of repair.  The lights in the parking lot have not worked in years.  The video and audio security need to be updated.  The building is vulnerable to attack.
Building security is almost non-existent.  The building's parking access gates breakdown every time it rains here in Miramar (it rains on a daily basis during the summer).  Carpets are cleaned periodically, however the vacuum suction is extremely weak, dust flares when waking over the carpet, causing visible allergic reactions amongst the employees.  Sneezing, Coughing, watery eyes, etc.  A carpet change after 10 years of use is well overdue.
Issues with cleanliness of restrooms (floors, walls, etc), cleanliness of windows.  Security guard Jerry is a constant professional.  I appreciate when he is on tour at our building.
Raven and Goodwill are always attentive and quick in their responses to situations.  They are extreme assets to the building and always seem to work well with GSA to maintain the building.
I think that Miles does a fine job, as do our groundskeepers.  For some years, this building has needed the parking area fenced in with gates on either end.  The homeless camp on our loading dock and leave that area a real mess, especially over the weekend, and the parking area reeks of urine.  Our GOV was vandalized several times.  Through Miles (and Ryan before him) we've worked out that we can park the GOV in the secured parking at 501 I Street over weekends but this was never intended to be the final solution.  If there is anything that could be done to help move along this process of getting the fences and gates installed, we'd surely appreciate it.
Just a normal cubicle in the middle of the main room of the office. One structural wall, 3 cubicle walls, and no windows.
Not all but some of our security can be rude at times to visitors. This can be on a constant basis for some of them which makes if very difficult to present a professional work environment to visitors. Because of the increase of employees to offices there has become overcrowded offices.
My office is fine.  However, our agency has no funds to reconfigure work stations, which mine needs.
I have a very small office with bulky furniture that leaves no space to have anyone else in my office in case I need to talk one on one with someone.
I do not have an assigned workstation, we reserve a desk day by day. Most have partitions that cannot be seen over while sitting although the standing desks do not.
Cubicle neighbor is on the phone often (with work calls) so it can be distracting even though he is just doing his job.   The POD has a lot of old equipment, furniture, etc. that is lying around and never thrown out or replaced.   Parking lot needs paving and re-design.
We moved to a new facility in March.  Very happy with functionality of new facility over old location.  GSA Representatives, Joe Wiezorek and Darren Miller, work tirelessly to help with our move.  Joe has been very responsive in helping resolve any issues. Thank you!
Most employee must share an office making it difficult to get work done
There is no privacy. You can overhear conversations and it is a distraction. the fact that the janitor never wipes down desks and interview areas means germs and bacteria build up, creating space for illness to occur. Outside, homeless people urinate near the entrances. The officer is excellent, however, our space is too big for 1 officer. There is no way for him to monitor the front end lobby and the interview area, where there are no cameras. There is no privacy during interviews. Each customer can hear the person next to them and creates a privacy issue
Only issue is the temperature. It seems hot in the enclosed areas.
Windows have not been cleaned in over 1 year.  I have a somewhat large mud spot on my window that has been there since early April this year.  Also, Hail damaged the exterior of the building, ripping up the plastic shunt that surrounds the building.  It has chunks missing, and pieces dangling off of the building.  It looks very bad.  This happened last year in the summer and still has not been repaired or removed.
Common area workspaces are detrimental to getting work done.
SSMC 4 is a young building dating back to the early 90's. This building has way too many issues with rodents, bad plumbing and mold. It's is not a good deal for the government.
Filing cabinets separate me from the workstation next to me.  The main workstations are separated by a 3/4 tall wall.
The building that I work in is Bldg 2 on the Lebanon VA Medical Center Grounds in Lebanon, PA 17042, not Harrisburg, PA.\\There are no considerations for handicapped personnel.  None of the doors in this building, other than the front door, are equipped with handicapped buttons so you can automatically open them.\Myself and others that work here who are handicapped, have had  a very difficult time opening doors.\\One of the elevators closes on you, I guess the sensors are bad.  One employee had his arm injured from the door closing on him.\\The snow/ice removal in the parking lots out in front of the building are poorly maintained.  A couple of times when it snowed, the parking lots weren't even plowed.  One winter, the parking lot and sidewalks were a sheet of ice and several employees fell and were injured, they filed for worker's compensation, as the areas should have been cleared.\\The maintenance in this building is lacking.  There are light bulbs in the rest rooms that have been out for months.  The are a few soap dispensers that have been broken off the wall, and it takes a few months to get them replaced.\\Some of the maintenance issues are minor, but when they are left for months, things accumulate.  Maintenance issues should be handled promptly, and not left until someone gets hurt, until they decide to fix them.
Office is very small for the amount of people we have, and the room's poor air circulation makes it worse.
The building is 3 years old and is outstanding.  The owner is very responsive and keeps the building in fantastic condition. \\The address for our building is: 740 W. Century Street NOT 750 W. Century Street
I am appalled that GSA thinks it's appropriate to put an agency in a building that spends money on floral arrangements (!) but cannot provide space: 1) consistent with all the research that "open office" gets in the way of productivity; 2) sufficient and appropriate to allow employees to actually accomplish assigned roles; 3) with ventilation that doesn't sound like a train bearing down; and 4) sufficient and appropriate to support meeting/learning activity needs. MCC staff managing the space are professional and responsive. The problem is the space constraint and outmoded design.
The office is filthy. Looks like a jail from the outside. The wallpaper has not changed since the 1990's. There are stains all over the walls throughout the office. The bathroom stalls are never wiped down. The office smells of burnt hair. The cubicles are never dusted. The staff that clean the office rarely vacuum. They mainly throw out the trash and clean the toilets. The floors are dirty most of the time. Spiders and other insects have been found on employee's desk. Mouse droppings are common throughout the office. Employees are constantly yelling and carrying on with each other throughout the day making it nearly impossible to work let alone hear the claimants. The glass between the employee and the claimant provides little to no protection.
Sometimes it gets pretty cold in our office workspace. Maintenance has come out and checked but found no problems and a constant temperature of 71.
I have been a tenant with Canpro, the building management for over 18 years.  Jeanne Alexander has always been very accommodating, as well we her two maintainers, Jim and Fred.  Jim maintains our area and is thorough and very knowledgeable in many areas, HVAC, plumbing, general carpentry, etc.  The building is maintained nicely and anything we need, they are there to assist.  Most recently, after over 18 years, they just put locks on the restroom doors outside of our workspace.  Although some believe it's needed for security measure, it has caused mix reviews with the other tenants and an inconvenience.  We haven't needed them for all these years, not sure why now?  All in all, the building and it surroundings are great!
I currently have a window office.  I'd be willing to move to an interior office (i.e., one with no window) or a cubicle if management allows us to telework 4 days per week.
exam rooms are unsafe, providers and staff should be at door, not the patient to block exit, if a situation should occur.\if a pt has a medical issue, hard to get to patient and assess him, too small, big exam chairs.
It's an office space with marginal facilities and amenities.  It's fine for what we do.
Booking rooms would be easier with an automated system where anyone can go in to the calendars for the rooms and see what is available and book it, rather than having to wait for a live person to respond (which doesn't take long, but sometimes you need a room quickly). Also, I would happily give up the safety of blast-proof windows for the opportunity to open my office window again.
Most offices do not have door locks--they should.\\\\PIVs are required to be shown upon entry, but it might make more sense to require them to be scanned to more systematically account for who is in the building.
GSA's involvement in building management has been one of the worst decisions in this buildings history.
I am happy with my cubicle space
I do not like the fact that I have to walk to a designated smoking area to get inside the building.
In addition to my personal workspace there are also hearing rooms. Building personnel have been immediately responsive to our needs and have responded right away when a claimant has soiled the space as sometimes happens.
Great services.
lack of shaded and non-glaring outdoor areas, small lunchroom and kitchen area, common needs scattered all over, can easily not see people for months, anti-social layout of common need areas; toilets are always flushing, even when opening and closing stall doors; unequal office sizes, wasted space in big offices, not enough space in shared offices
The building is so cold that it causes extreme discomfort in many employees.
Sometimes the building shakes.
I work for the Bureau of Fiscal Service in Hyattsville, MD Metro I building.  There is no option to select for this site.
I feel that the interior of our overall office space could be set up better for a more communal and friendly atmosphere.  However, I do understand that this is an old building and our agency has taken over the spaces of other agencies who have moved out over the years.  Everyone is just so spread out and cut off from each other.  All walls are solid.  There aren't any interior spaces that are "open."
THIS BUILDING IS A WASTE OF GOVERNMENT FUNDS
Cubicles are unnecessary, disrespectful and limited spaces for work and morale. Obviously they should never be used.
Parking situation sucks. Must walk through bushes from another lot. Safety is a concern as I have had negative encounters in the adjacent parking lot and never feel safe going out to car.\\Partitioned cubes provide zero privacy and are just too noisy. Considering we are trying to ensure the privacy of taxpayer information it seems insane that you can hear everyone talking.
if we are talking about the satisfaction of the building, I am dissatisfied that we have to either pay for parking or walk several blocks after finally finding a spot on the street
I am overall satisfied with the work area. The only thing I wish that would be addressed is that the men's toilet needs to be sanitized. (It has a foul smell.) It is however, well stocked with supplies. I am satisfied with the security personnel on duty. (Last year they seemed to be a bit aggressive and snoddy but this year, they are more courteous and as always, alert.)
I can hear other personnel's conversations and they can hear mine.  I often have to use my cell phone in a conference room to have both work related and personal conversations.  I am not comfortable other personnel listening to my conversations and I prefer not to hear their conversations.
My space is a small cubical with old furnishings.  I have collected random pieces to fit the space so I can function - but size of my space limits my opportunity to collaborate/work with co-workers.
In my opinion, the staff are very friendly, respectful, and helpful in a professional manner..
The printer stops working almost every day.
Building is ok.  Location not so good.  Railroad tracks are extremely close and sometimes building will shake when train is going by.  Noise from train whistle can also be annoying and disruptive.  There is not sufficient parking for all employees and customers.  Building does have some areas where the stucco is falling off.  Graffiti on back side of building was painted over, but has bled thru so can still be seen. Interior of building is in good condition and very spacious.
Office location on the metro system is further from my home than the downtown location. This is problematic because metro has its own issues which cause delays and uncomfortable riding conditions (old cars, no ac in some, overcrowding). Delays to and from work make it necessary for me to drive to work early in the morning so that I am not spending a large amount of the day commuting. Also, because this area is close to Nats park and the eventual soccer stadium, parking rates have jumped rom $11 to $17 for our building. In addition, the building has limited the spaces for the NLRB to 50 spaces on game days. In addition, the parking situation in other lots/buildings creates other logistical issues related to events in the neighborhood. If it were permitted, I would prefer to work from home 100%. Having a 100% telework schedule would elevate the stress of coming to work in DC traffic to a location where my office neighbor doesn't realize how loud she is (even after asking her politely to keep it down because our walls are super thin), and would eliminate the need for me to run an air purifier to help avoid sinus infections (because of the air quality in the building).
All employees need to have access to the ramp when entering the building from the garage  with computers, boxes, etc. It is extremely difficult to navigate the stairs with a computer bag, boxes, etc.
Restrooms leave much to be desired on 14th floor\Too many people in each office due to space issues
Because of cutbacks in contracts on the Center, landscaping on the entire center has suffered over the years.  It seems to be all they can do to mow the grass regularly.
My office is great if it wasn't cold all the time.  Fresh air would be nice as there is something in the vent system that makes me sick.
Very old rug. Rarely gets vacuumed. Too small of a space.
My office is right next to a main thoroughfare in the building, so I get to hear the door opening and closing all day.
Cleanliness of the restrooms could be better. It's an old building so it has a dual restroom. It works fine, just takes longer as there is often a line to use it.
I work in a very old building where temperature cannot be regulated and the rooms are either too hot or too cold.  All of our room temps and some of our refrigerator/freezer temps are often out or range with very little recourse to "fix" the issues.  We have a rooms that were damaged by water leaks/flooding months ago that have yet to be fixed.  One of those rooms may have asbestos further delaying any work.  We have to use a bathroom on a different flood b/c the bathrooms on our floor are out of order.  We have a rag around a leaking faucet to one of our sinks just to try to keep the leak from getting worse that has been like that for years and no one has been able to fix it.  The list can go on and on....
I would like to have a shared conference area within the building that could be used for occasional training and community meetings. There is no space for this use in the building.
The doors to the stairs is always unlocked because of any fire issue's but the patient's can come right off the street up the back stairs, past the open office space, through the clinic to the waiting room. Patient's are never escorted up by any staff members. This scar's us a bit.
There has been a lot of construction in this building and/or in adjacent buildings in recent years.
Privacy  issue is a true concern due to limited options only one consultation room for multiple employees PII issues or concerns
The lack of preventive and regular maintenance in the RRB is appalling.  The relatively recently renovated bathroom fixtures are literally falling apart - bolts popping out; locks on stall doors missing, doors of stalls hanging so crookedly they won't close, low-flow toilets not flushing; not flushing adequately, paper towels of low quality and running our daily, toilet leakages lasting for weeks before being repaired, etc. Maintenance in hallways and work areas is just as crummy - the only difference is that there's less that can easily break.  GSA should be ashamed of itself and deserves the generally low regard in which it is held.
I have the only office in this building that is not a standard size.  It fits the purpose for doing my job, but more space would be nice.
Lack of parking and being a government employee who has to go through security like you're a threat because a federal judge is on an ego trip makes moving to a different location appealing.
FPS guards are extremely unprofessional with the public that enters our building.  We receive daily complaints from customers and visitors in person, online, and through our call center.  The complaints are primarily that the guards were rude and/or confrontational. All public visitors should be treated equally.
Guards and  cleaning personnel are fabulous. \Workspaces: Chairs are in dire need of replacement.
We are moving out of the building next year.
We have had significant safety concerns regarding the elevators; it frequently drops one to two floors at a time; our real-estate officers have worked with the building maintenance, however, we still have this issue after 3 years.
The temperature regulation is my major concern. I am in an office that doesn't have a thermostat and it gets to upwards of 98 degrees in here in the afternoon.  This is unacceptable since I feel the AC in the morning and then it shuts off.  Building folks say there is nothing they can do.  The building should provide me a fan at least.  The bathrooms are gross - should be cleaned more than 1 time per day.  Noise levels due to walls not being insulated are bad but fixed by wearing headphones and working from home when possible.  Shelter in place areas a major concern as they are behind locked doors.
we are forced to work in the pipe basement.  It was not designed to be used as a workspace.  It is loud and it is a fight to get EMS to clean.
Not having the ability to find a quiet workspace with the same double monitor set up we have at the normal workstations is highly disappointing for all the money that went into this new facility.  There are times employees have heads down projects/tasks they need to accomplish and the environment is conducive for one thing...visiting/collaborating with others. Very short sighted to think this is the only type of work we need to accomplish.  Many "side" spaces or nooks and crannies are nice but we need small chair desks to go along with couches.  At least one could take their laptop and work at a "desk".
The property manager has been extremely responsive with any issues and takes car of all problems quickly.
In the mornings, my office is hot.
I consider our facility unfit and unsafe as a federal workspace. The building management seems to have little to no concern. Recent efforts have been laughble such as stair aerobics, dry clean pick up, and food truck Thursday’s. Yet elevators often don’t work. Drinking water seems dirty and unclean and general cleanliness of building is greatly lacking. No security at all. Building is not suitable for a law enforcement agency.
Overall GSA has done an excellent job in providing excellent service.  The employee restroom on the 1st floor can use a little more cleaning.  Sinks are always wet and dirty.  This may be due to the flow of traffic and the fact that one or two of the sinks do not work properly.  Overall, the restroom is fairly clean.  Thank you.
This building has no loading/receiving area for large deliveries of publications, unigrids, or other large pieces of equipment. Heavy packages must be carried up or down steep and narrow flights of stairs. There are no elevators. This building has very little meeting space for gatherings larger than 5 people, except a large room in the dank basement, accessible by a dimly lit, steep stairway - completely unprofessional. The common areas serve as lunch room and office. There is no kitchen area. Plates and cups are washed in the bathroom.
Please note that I work for the Social Security Administration in downtown Long Beach, CA at 501 W. Ocean Blvd., Long Beach, CA 90802 (the drop down menus are acting up).\\I am extremely dissatisfied with the odors, smoke, and fumes that come into my office.  I have notified management, who would then notify GSA.  Although GSA agrees to come check the odor, they do not come until an hour later, at which point the odors, smoke, and/or fumes are not detectable by a layperson.  The odors, smoke, and fumes have caused coughing fits and severe headaches.
Office is in industrial warehouse building in an industrial park and not suitable for the purpose and utilization of the space.   Condition of building has been poor with safety issues such as office closings for snow load on roof, truck traffic through parking area, etc.
The new workspace seemed fine until the glass-top additions were added.  Now you still have all the noise of your neighbors, and absolutely no visibility of your surroundings until someone is upon you at your cube door.  If the point of the high walls was to abate noise, it isn't working.  The "dens" or "huddle rooms" are not satisfactory.  The furniture in those rooms was not designed for anything that resembles work, as there are no tables at correct height to put a laptop (most are like coffee table height and size, not laptop size or functional enough to spread out paper files and read/write on.  The cell phone coverage in building is abysmal, so people are always wandering around to window areas to get their phones (work and personal) to pick up a signal.
The Women's bathrooms have been worked on multiple times on the 6th and 7th floors and still have issues.
not satisfied or dissatisfied with condition. the office is old but it is workable.
Please note, our GSA representative Rita Quintero is a wonderful person to work with, and, is always available to help us with all building matters.  Tutelian Management's rep is also a pleasure to work with regarding building matters.  The problem is with the building owners, Tutelian.  They are aggressive and confrontational and take little responsibility for their building problems.  The same problems with the HVAC, lack of security cameras on the outside of the building and aggressive fast drivers coming from a child/day care facility that they own is a problem.  All of these issues have been addressed and will subside for a short period of time, only to re-surface.\\Thank you
Building management often does not fix problems, even when we make repeated complaints.  We have recurring problems with temperature, door function and security, and bathroom function (toilets).
Corrosive water in plumbing system and leaking in garage.
Carpets throughout the building are old and worn; new security system has limited functionality (issues with video storage and camera resolution; external cameras in the wrong locations.  Cubicle dividers are old, non-functional and pieced together in a manner that is not aesthetically pleasing and does not always meet employee needs.
I prefer to clean my own desk, because they move items on the desk or knock them over (as well as knock them on the floor) and do not put them back The desk still remains very dusty/dirty. I try to clean my desk once a week after they have come in and I put everything back. I have also noticed wires out of place on the docking station.  I put the back into their location, but I didn't know you have to take them out to clean around the docking station.
It seems to take a long time to get a repair scheduled by the building property management/building owner.
We are in a closet that has rooms off of the closet. unable to get motorized scooters in the one exam room, doctors office space is a storage closet, and there is a bathroom in the room for intakes of patients. Lack of privacy or pissed off employees because they can not use the bathroom when needed.
There is no parking available for the lower paid employees.  The streets of Louisville are unsafe due to the high murder rate, the crazy drivers, etc.  You very seldom see a cop on the streets near the building.  The police do not stop traffic offenders at all.  Cars often fly through red lights at the intersection here.  You need to wait and make sure the idiots stop before trying to cross the street.    Our agency needs to move out of this building to a more safer area in the metro region.  Our agency should consider moving to southern Indiana across the river.  A lot less crime across the river.  We could probably have parking for everyone too in a secured parking lot.  The gov't does not care about the safety of the employees who actually do most of the work in the country.  So typical of the swamp mentality in Washington.
Well-lit, ample sunlight, but often somewhat stuffy.  I have asthma so I prefer a room that is cooler.
I am satisfied with my workspace.
Dont rent from buildings that offices with no windows. All the people who have windows are hot and turn up the air conditioning and those of us don't are frozen all the time. so much money is wasted on air conditioning that we wear our FWS fleece jackets in the office!!! Ridiculous!
There have been multiple offices added to the building that took away break room areas. All tenant agencies in the building have multiple conference rooms that are not used more than 25% of the time. Offices sit empty throughout the building and the footprints within each agency could be reduced allowing use of telework, hoteling and other common practices to save costs. State and County employees are provided office space, federal computers, phones and other equipment from agency budgets. Otherwise all three agencies could reduce to one floor of the building and additional monies used to deliver services at the field level.
Not enough work space to complete tasks efficiently.  The office currently in is too small for the number of personnel and does not comply with the work space requirements established by the FAA.
The design where the spaces are more open lead to distractions which can inhibit work.
In a temporary area due to site wide construction
As the director of the facility, I am in charge of making sure it is maintained. The only limitation is money.  Our grounds are not kept up as well as they might be, but we are in the middle of trying to address that issue by bringing in outside contractors
I come here everyday to do a certain job and except for the bright lighting (which I fully understand must all be lite) I don't have any great complaints.  I do my job for 8 hours and then go home.
Roof has heavy mold & mildew deposits that I suspect gets into the HVAC system fresh-air intake.\Dust accumulations are an ongoing problem, and HVAC vents thus get gross dirt accumulations that require yearly cleaning. Higher grade filters would likely solve much of this problem -- instead of building maintenance spending so much manpower on dusting & cleaning. Also (very important!), the roof needs to be pressure washed at least yearly and treated with a mildewcide. The above recommendations about cleaning the roof and better HVAC filters might also help decrease the number of employees who complain of allergy symptoms and other health problems.
confined workspace, not conducive to interaction within, and not inviting to veterans
na
Very dissatisfied. The building is very inadequate for the work Homeland Security Investigations conducts. The work spaces are too small. I can hear agents from across the building. There is zero privacy when researching cases involving highly sensitive material.
It would be nice to have more natural light, better air circulation, and more consistent temperatures (oftentimes certain parts of the same floor are freezing and other parts are too warm)
I work in the Teleservice Center.  There are quite a few individuals that have voices that carry and it tends to be a bit of a concern when speaking with callers.  This is not something that can probably be fixed, but it is a concern I have.
Our work space is in-efficient use of space.  Desks are inadequate and old used furniture.
First and second floor restrooms look terrible - fixtures (toilets etc.) are bad in those areas.  Paint, carpeting and furniture are very good (renovation ~3 years ago). Ventilation - heating and cooling are very, very, very inconsistent depending on which side or corner of the building you are located.  Obviously there is no insulation in the ceiling and walls because the temperature in the morning in the winter on a cloudy day can be 65 degrees.  On sunny summer days it can be 78-80 degrees.  Restroom smells creep into the hallways - can get foul.  My perspective of good and bad is also jaded by the fact that I worked in an old, decrepit Navy Dept. building for 15 years and everything is a step up from that dump.
Overall, I am very satisfied with our building in terms of location, parking, cleanliness, landlord supervision and maintenance.  Thank you for an opportunity to provide feedback.
My workspace is located in a very small room which happens to be the only entrance and exit to the clinic area.  There are 5 providers who all see several patients each day and I help check patients in and out of their appointments.  When I am helping a patient at my desk, they are forced to move while providers and other patients enter and exit the clinic area.  This is physically demanding for some and at the very least, an inconvenience as well as an invasion of their privacy of personal information.  This is even worse when I am helping a patient who is using a walker, in a wheelchair or power chair and among other concerns, also creates a potential fire hazard.
The rat issue in this building is a very uncomfortable situation to deal with.  dead rats have been found under the flooring, rats sightings have been see in and outside of the building.  Rat droppings have been found under desks and around desk areas. Nothing has been done to clean the carpets from where rats have left droppings and paw prints. The office windows and glass doors are not clean, carpets aren't vacuumed daily.  The over all cleanliness of the building is very poor.
Our floor is in desperate need of being redesigned to allow for more work stations to have access to natural light from the windows.\\Also, it is very rare that the carpet in my work station is vacuumed. I have to idea who to contact to have this done.
We really need to have our area vacuumed more often that would be a Big Plus !
Office is always freezing cold.  I feel like being in a freezer all day.  I had to bring a blanket and gloves.  Even considering bringing a heater.
Cubicles are small.
The noise volume and lack of privacy is a major issue, as I have a lot of PII information.
I have to wear sweaters, coats, use blankets and sometimes my hands are so cold they hurt.  I know other floors are too hot, and ours is too cold.  The cafeteria is so cold I have never eaten there. The meeting rooms are freezing.  We warn guests to bring coats.  At 2 pm the AC kicks on again and we all know we will freeze. On days when lots of staff telework it is even worse because their computers aren't offering needed heat!  How is this environmentally sound? How can this be a LEED building with this level of refrigeration??
Too cold or too hot; thermostat does no work. Poor air circulation. Outside grounds and gardens have not been maintained this year.
I would have given security a higher rating but I often feel that there are different "rules" to get through security depending upon who the officer is that is running the area on any given day.  It is more difficult to get into 5600 Fisher's Lane than it is to get into any of the other federal buildings that I have entered.  Also, there were only about 5 states listed in the drop down menu.  I entered HHS/HRSA and MD did not appear in the State list.
A workstation with partitions that most people cannot see over when standing-facing a corner leaving my back completely exposed.
CANNOT SHUT DOOR WITH PATIENT, TO SMALL. CANNOT GET WHEELCHAIR IN OFFICE AND CLOSE DOOR.  NOT EASY TO GET CHAIR WHEELCHAIRS THROUGH ANY DOOR I ENTIRE CLINIC.
MY WORKSTATION IS TOO TIGHT, THIS FACILITY ALSO NEEDS AN ATM (AUTOMATIC TELLER MACHINE AND A GOOD CANTEEN LIKE THE ONE AT THE MAIN HOSPITAL.
person responsible for building issues is an unfilled position, so we are constantly filling in with detailers that are not aware of the ongoing issues. Many of the outlets for phones or data lines don't work. While we have high speed internet in the area (to the building) we are not able to utilize it due to the phone contract. Lizards and other creatures come in under the front door. We had a snake in the lobby one morning when we unlocked the doors.
Office is way too small.  I need to leave the office every few hours, else I get claustrophobic.  Can only have one person in office at a time for meetings.  Not condusive to effective squad operations at all.  Terrible offices.  \\As a side note - the office location in Chelsea is terrible.  GSA could not have picked a worse, crime ridden area.  No thought was given to the impact on employees.  The location was in the best interests of GSA and not the employees.
No hot water in the bathrooms to wash hands.  Cubicles are spacious enough but with the number of people in these cubicles the noise level can and does become excessive.  We have been in this building for 3 years and already having to double up in spaces, ALJ's sitting in writer's offices.  We also have had to replace the HVAC unit(s) at least 3 times.
The furniture is not conducive for the work we do.
There is no security at this location.
For a clerical employee it is very crowded. Not enough work space.
The security checkpoint needs to be redesigned. Overall the building is a very nice building but can be better. A cafeteria would offer employees and passengers a better food selection and would be an awesome addition.
This building should be demolished.  The condition of the building makes it an unsafe work environment.
My workspace could have additional panels to ease the noise in the space.  No person should sit next to informal conference space;  some voices carry or the noise bounces off glass.
Some of the office spaces at building corners (like mine) are oddly configured w/ partially intruding walls/pillars and furniture setup that does not fit well in the odd space.
restroom automatic air freshener / restroom ventilation in the men's rooms is a must.
For years, we have continually had problems with roof leaks when it rains which is confounding because this building was recently renovated.  I think more could be done to protect taxpayer resources.
I am disrupted by the noise from the hand dryers in the restrooms that are right outside of my office. I cannot do my job when those hand dryers are going on and off throughout the day.
We have an open conference area not a conference room so it is not quiet or private. We also don't have the allotted amount of storage. Finally we are on an extremely busy road so it is difficult for us and our customers to come and go. These three problems should have been considered by those in charge of obtaining the space.
The work space is never cleaned - depends who you are.  The odor coming from the restrooms in the side toward the highway is bad - even if the rest room is clean the odor coming out of the piping does not stop. employees have elevated this issue
None.
vents in office space have never been cleaned; floors with black marks from rolling chairs have to be real bad before anything done or if JCAHO visits; no paper towels in bathrooms; trash not consistently emptied in office space; elevators are ALWAYS malfunctioning and in need of repair.
Outstanding Security staff!
We should have a more private space to conduct computer work
In the winter it is way to hot in the building and requires a fan. In the summer it is freezing cold in the building and often need a jacket. The gym on the 6th floor is never cool enough.
Facility is not clean. There are rats and roaches. Office space carpet is gross. Although GSA is allegedly doing a remodel for my office area, it has been approximately a year with no movement. \\ Recent "bathroom remodel" has resulted in a two stall bathroom for a floor with more than 100 women.  Not only are there way too many women for a two-stall bathroom, but the public frequently uses our bathroom due to it being on only the second floor. One of the two stalls works only about 25% of the time, effectively reducing the bathroom to a 1 stall bathroom for over a 100 women and the public who visit the social security administration on the first floor. The hand dryer does not work and there are no paper towels. As a result, employees must often go to another bathroom on another floor, which can be very frustrating when you need to go to the bathroom. Especially if you are pregnant and have to go frequently, or for other bathroom emergencies.  Would appreciate having a bathroom with an appropriate number of stalls so that I don't have to wait in line to go to the bathroom, any time I need to go to the bathroom, at work.
The work cube is surrounded by moldy-looking ceiling tiles that need replacing. Supervisor contacted. This is a common occurrence that requires close attention. Sometimes it goes really bad.
Multiple changes in guards; some being overly aggressive at times for minor lobby issue; provides inaccurate information regarding check-in process; bathrooms outdated with old toilet seats, green mold/mildew on sinks and flush handles; however, new property management team seems to be taking strides along with GSA and we are moving in the right direction with action items needed for the building. Thanks
No additional comment at this time.
I appreciate the space provided for me to work in, and appreciate that the management allows me to have this area consistently, and that they do everything possible to maintain separate semi private/non shared work spaces wherever they can. but understand that it will be shared and hot seated for the mission if required.
Building is hot in summer and cold in winter and is hard to get fixed. Lights go out every 15 minutes and will not stay on due to sensor and the lights also has a light switch. If there is a light switch why is there a sensor in the ceiling. I have to wave a flag on a pole to keep the lights on.
PLEASE get the mice and cockroaches under control.
The cubicle space itself is nice and has lots of storage space. However, since it is open space, we constantly hear conversations in adjacent spaces/hallways/offices so it is very distracting. Also, as mentioned earlier, there is no exposure to any form of natural sunlight.
There are several window for the pharmacy, however only one is being used. The interior of the pharmacy workspace is completely dysfunctional. Many times the line for veterans becomes very long because only one customer window is open.
It takes forever to get any repairs done in the building. This includes just getting a light bulb changed. The fourth floor bathroom had a gaping hole in the ceiling for months and then they said we are waiting for bids. I have had bids that had to be approved by the VA on my parents home that didn't take that long. A few years ago they were going to remodel/paint the restrooms, the first floor got done and it never went any further than that.
My work at my desk involves communications and discussions with coworkers from other offices and analysis and review of documents.  In the former situation, I need to be able to talk which creates noise for my office colleagues.  In the latter case, I need to think and that is hard when noise is coming from the surrounding work spaces, kitchen, hallways, conference room speaker phones, etc.  Better sound proofing of conference rooms would be very helpful.
The parking garage is in a state of disrepair. The cement ceilings are either leaking an unknown substance onto vehicles or concrete pieces falling from the ceilings onto vehicles. To either temporarily "fix" the issue, large pieces of plastic were attached to the ceiling and hang down throughout the garage. The garage is constantly filled with concrete dust in the air. The driving surface is filled with potholes on the ramps in and out of the parking garage and within the garage itself. Smoking areas utilized by employees in the federal building are located at both the entrance and exit to the garage, so every day upon entering and exiting the structure there is a strong smell of smoke that everyone driving through has to breath in. There is also a lack of adequate parking for visitors or agents from other offices. So when they do visit, they double park in front of other vehicles. There is ample room adjacent to the building for a separate parking lot, however a parking garage with several levels would make much more sense. This building is a disgrace and there is no reason it is not either fixed or agencies moved from this location.
No conference rooms, dis-satisfied \No break rooms, dis-satisfied
GSA ergonomic for standup stand for laptop is limited, no small space that can fit with my work station.
Due to the amount of paperwork, I would benefit from an L-Shaped desk as opposed to the small single desk area, that has just enough room for the phone, computer, and two monitors. since there are so many people in the office, we could benefit from having upholstered cubicles. We have just a metal desk with overhead storage. This space has a lot of natural light, which is a benefit and a blessing! Sometimes it gets very noisy and it's hard to hear on the phones when so many people are talking or using their phones at once, and some coworkers are more chatty than others, being disruptive. the Program manager does a good job with this aspect, and things have improved.
PBGC's headquarters at 1200 K is premier office space for a premier agency.  I was a PBGC employee when it moved to 1200 K Street in the early 90's, but I left PBGC for a number of years.  The location and quality of the office space was a significant factor when I decided to return to PBGC a few years ago, and I have not been disappointed.  GSA must take great care to ensure that PBGC's headquarters always meet the high standards of excellence that we have come at expect at 1200 K.
PBGC's headquarters at 1200 K is premier office space for a premier agency.  I was a PBGC employee when it moved to 1200 K Street in the early 90's, but I left PBGC for a number of years.  The location and quality of the office space was a significant factor when I decided to return to PBGC a few years ago, and I have not been disappointed.  GSA must take great care to ensure that PBGC's headquarters always meet the high standards of excellence that we have come at expect at 1200 K.
I am satisfied with my workspace, it was redone over the last winter.  I am not satisfied with the layout of the work stations and particians.  I have very little to no vertical storage space.
We all understand that space is at a premium. It is apparent that there are design/layout flaws in my newly renovated work space. Copy machine does not fit in the space made for it for example. \Cubicle offices may work for administrative support staff. But it is not appropriate for a health care provider that routinely discusses sensitive topics over the phone or in person with other staff. This one issue has made it uncomfortable to work in my assigned cubicle. I actually have to walk away and make calls from another space as I feel uncomfortable talking about sensitive information in my cubicle city of an office.  Many if not most toilets in old building 10/Magnuson building are disgusting, graffiti splattered, foul smelling, with many broken appliances/fixtures including those open to general public use. It's a true embarrassment to an organization held in high regard.
When we moved in, we were allowed to choose our cubicle configuration.  I'm not sure if new employees are allowed to reconfigure cubicles, but this is a huge positive for workplace efficiency as everyone has different physical and visual needs.
Whenever there is a problem in the restrooms or workplace area, and I contact facilities, there is timely response and follow-up. I  have no complaint with the customer service and timeliness to respond. I see how hard the maintenance and janitors work here and I appreciate their friendliness, professionalism, and work.
I'm disappointed that when a new office was developed on the floor above ours, they cut our hot water to the kitchen.  The building has refused to address the issue that our kitchen no longer has running hot water.
Office location is inconvenient for employees and customers. Parking is inconvenient and expensive.
It is very difficult to have telephone conversations since there is no privacy - anyone in the office can hear the conversation. This is difficult when working with clients that are supposed to be anonymous or otherwise entitled to non-disclosure of sensitive information. In addition, general conversations can be overheard through the telephone which can be unintentional information leaks to parties not involved in cases.
I love having my own cubicle! It allows me to concentrate, helps me to manage any stress, and allows me the ability to come up with good ideas to contribute to the BLS & my office. I previously worked for eight years in an open space office with six people. There was no privacy, it was noisy, and contributed to a hostile environment.
All good!
When will we get a camera in the area where taxpayers come in?  I have had to call "911" for issues with a taxpayer that came into the building in the past.  We have dangerous/criminal cases assigned to R.O.'s to work - we need a camera in the lobby area to see is who is coming to see us.
Much of my concerns have to do with sewage back up and it is being addressed as we speak, there is a huge building renovation occurring now, so of course my answers will change once that all takes place.
When we had major construction at our airport, the International terminal was being built, there was not safety guards to protect us from the major dust we inhaled.  We were sick and passengers were sick, from respiratory track infections, bronchitis to ammonia. I finally received a mask, it was not the right one, my face broke out with red blotches.  This dust was thick like a cloud and lasted several weeks. I hope I don't receive anything from the dust.
It is very difficult to work with our current set up of low partitions.  If someone is on the phone, the noise level is too high for the type of work we do that requires concentration.  No input was requested from the workers before the redesign and it has made the work environment a challenge.
Our clinic area is seldom thoroughly cleaned, work orders placed take months to complete or multiple work orders to have someone look at something.
Every year the same issues are identified (no AC in 7th floor bathrooms, lack of cleaning the toilet seats, cracking paint, roaches everywhere) and nothing changes. Why bother with this survey?
somewhat satisfied
The staff at all levels (security, cleaning) are great. But the building is horrible and dilapidated and dirty and gross. The bathrooms are gross, the kitchens are gross, and some offices on my floor have literal holes in the walls. I hate going into the office every day and seeing that it's demoralizing.
The front doors of the building, they are coated incorrectly the security guard should be able to see who is stand outside the door from with in. Instead the coating was put on so that the people stand outside the building can see in and this is a security hazard. We have brought it up to the Operations manager, previous Department manager and in fours years nothing has been done. This is dangerous situation.
workstation is cramped and confined.  there isn't enough room for the amount of paper I get in my mail and the amount of paper I generate so I have to put some of it on the floor!
My only concern is that there are designated smoking areas for smokers; however rather than going to the designated smoking area often times smokers will congregate around the entrance of the building and smoke.  Not only do they smoke in the area, they also throw their cigarette butts near the entrance of the building.
It is difficult for scanning. We have a separate office for scanning and have to log into another computer and quite frequently the computers are slow and do not always connect to the scanner. It can take up to an hour just to scan a simple document to upload to the electronic file. That is not considering the time it takes when 100+ pages have to be scanned.
I don't understand why the same soap dispensers in the men's bathroom on the 2nd flr of the East Bldg near the West side elevators never works.  Also, I noted this is last year's survey but nothing was done about this issue where the installation of the privacy walls for the toilets are poorly done.  Too much of a gap for the doors and the walls so there's no privacy.  Someone washing their hands can see you sitting on the toilet (unacceptable).  It's really not that hard to install these things properly.
Art from local artists should be borrowed or purchased to decorate the buildings.
I would like my office to be reconfigured so that work can flow better. My desk was moved so that I have access to the door for safety but the panic alarm is across the room. The BP cuff and oterh equipment is over the veterans head when he sits. And I would like a white board to provide education in my room. Also I would love to have a desktop file for forms. Thanks!
Roof issues have plagued this facility for years and impacted operations on occasion.  Roaches have infiltrated the building on a regular basis.  Annually the HVAC fails to kick on early enough in the morning and takes hours to cool off during the Summer.  Sidewalks fail to keep cleaned off after snowfall and slippery/icy conditions have caused dangerous walking environments, to include parking spots around the facility.
It is open to both hallways,(no privacy when talking to a veteran) we only have one phone and would be much easier if we had a printer in space.
We work in an environment where we are constantly bouncing ideas and informal conferencing at each other's workspaces, so it is often is very noisy. Due to the set up of the cubicles, it is hard to focus when it is very noisy.
GSA stopped clearing the cleaning staff so now Federal staff must escort daily - HUGE WASTE of resources just so GSA can save a little money (which also passed the cost on to ICE)
I appreciate the physical location -- convenient. Building management and staff are very nice and professional.
I am overall satisfied with the maintenance and cleanliness of our building, workspace, etc. However, the level of cleanliness of the workspace is an area for improvement. I cannot remember the last time I heard the vacuum. The only service provided relating to cleaning our workspace is the emptying of the trashcans. Vacuuming and light feather dusting of the blinds could be useful. Plus, this can cut down on allergies.
waiting for construction to be completed to see if anything is resolved by moving.
The building is in such disrepair and so ugly, it's miserable to work here. The laminate work surfaces are coming apart, and I've cut my arm many times. I put requests to facilities that go unanswered. I've had an inoperable filing cabinet for two years. The carpet is never vacuumed adequately, the lights flicker, storage capacity is terrible, the carpeted walls are ugly, and the paint is from sometime in the 1980s.
I wish I had my own office space where there's a door and window. That way when patients call I don't really have to raise my voice as some elders can't really hear.
The ADA door 7th floor facing east button to go into the elevator on the 7th floor, is on the opposite side and there is no room for a person with a walker/wheelchair, etc to move out of the way due to the unit in front of the exit door.  People are always running into each other due to no room for the door to open and the partition, it was bad planning for ADA employees.  \The restrooms need to be mopped more often, most of the bathrooms don't flush on the first time, you have to flush 2-3 times before they actually work.  The dispenser for the paper towels hardly work and when they do, it only gives you a little paper that you have to keep trying to get the machine to work.  The break rooms are extremely loud and noise comes into the work area.
WE, BUSINESS OFFICE STAFF, CODING, BILLING, A/R ARE IN BETWEEN BUSY HALLWAYS WITH A PROFESSIONAL PROVIDERS OFFICE NEXT TO US.  WE KEEP OUR DOORS CLOSED DUE TO HIGH TRAFFIC AND NOISE. THERE IS NO OTHER SPACE TO USE. SOME OF OUR SPACES ARE CROWDED WITH EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES.
The contractors that are allowed to received contracts to work within the VA are poorly vetted. Just because they are owned by a veteran does not mean they do quality work. Projects are endlessly delayed by this type of contractor and by our own engineering department.
We are in the warehouse building do to lack of space. It is noisy and we have members of our unit in multiple offices because there is no space. There is an open ceiling and it is noisy. Tucson Sector headquarters has converted all closets into offices, and now we are our of closets.  We literally have no space.  landscaping areas and fire lanes are used as parking spaces.  A facility assessment for space needs to be made at Tucson Sector Border Patrol.
Overall, I am satisfied with my workplace conditions.  I am, however, that there are restrictions being placed on us in the field and to function with those new requirements would hinder our service.  We simply can not reduce the space requirements that are being placed on us with the amount of volume of files, etc. that we are required to keep to have accessible to serve our customers.
Generally satisfied with space. Many changes conducted within the last 3 months. The last issue that needs to be address are the restrooms. Stains and holes in the ceiling. Missing clothes hanging hooks in stalls. Periodic leaks when it rains.
It's not a very big space.
We had a serious injury result from inadequate ice abatement in the parking lot this winter an also several days between warm weather and the heating system being disabled where I worked wrapped up in blankets in my cubicle. In years past these cost savings measures seemed reasonable but for obvious reasons it's upsetting to be frozen in your cubicle while being simultaneously aware of other government wide appropriations issues.
Minor issues: Would like to see (1) Ice machine fixed, (2) Dish soap at common area sinks, (3) Trash can at common area sinks.
I answer to best of my ability, I also believe this survey will accomplish nothing, Bad questions, bad answers, this is not a well plan survey, it took what 5 minutes to put the Q&A together. This building is NOT an LEO building. building from the 70's, design for a different agency not CBP, furniture not functional for computer use (wiring), we have businesses that are doing business with CBP in the same floor/parking, building safety at extremely LOW, open parking to be seen in uniform and our cars, No safety, WHO approve this building to house my agency, very dissatisfy with GSA service.
Please change the water filter in the kitchen.  Has that been done since we moved in over one year ago?  Kitchen areas are dirty.
The location of the building is sad and the building itself is not good (poorly designed, few windows, cheap materials, thin walls and doors that don't prevent noise from traveling). We are inundated with pesticides from the ag field across the street. We can't bike to work because it is not safe. We don't even have a sidewalk to walk on for exercise, we have to compete with UPS trucks for space in the road. Homeless people wander around outside (which is expected - this is California), but the building is designed in such a way that it's likely no one would notice if someone were attacked while walking to their car. Our parking lot (which isn't even big enough to fit half the cars) is disintegrating. We're in a modified warehouse, which may have made sense give our duties 25 years ago, but now it doesn't. GSA was given the task of finding alternative locations in the area but never did it. So now we're signing another 20 year lease?
We were moved into a room too small to accommodate the file cabinets and desks we have. We are stepping over each other and moving furniture around just to file important papers. It has been an inconvenience and tripping hazard.
None
We have been in contact with building management about the issues noted and they appear to be working to address some of them. Others issues such as lack of elevators in building parking structure that limits disabled access and noise from adjacent gym do not appear fixable and may require finding a new location.
Goodwill cleans our building and does a very good job.  However, there have been cut backs that have forced Goodwill to reduce the number of personnel in the building.  Therefore, they are unable to maintain the level of cleanliness that was prevalent before.  Specifically, the restrooms are not restocked and cleaned as frequently as they used to be. There have been numerous occasions when there has been 1 roll of toilet paper available for 5 stalls in the women's restroom because the workers are not able to clean them as often.  The cleaning staff is friendly, courteous, and willing to provide whatever service you request.  They just don't have the manpower to provide the level of service that they used to.
We have great security for non-BPA personnel entering, but I would also like to see BPA employees go through metal detectors as well.
Not enough electrical outlets.
The building for my agency is unnecessary for the work performed. The use of this building is a waste of federal funds. Allowing remote work by the employees of this building will make this survey useless.
Noise level makes it hard to concentrate and hear clients on the phone.  Temperature is different all over the office.  Parking is inadequate and dangerous.  There have me multiple accidents.  It's often full and you can't find a parking place and have to park on the curb.  Lighting is harsh and causes migraines and eye strain.
We have recently moved locations and preparedness was not a task that was taken seriously and therefore, we are in disarray and stressing.
The hand sanitizers in the common area if the cafeteria do not work. Actually 1 in 10 work. That is annoying. More often than not,the paper towel dispensers are out of paper towel. There are simply not enough microwaves for the number of people using them.
'- Overall office space is inefficient & poorly configured\- Limited bathrooms\- No wellness center within the building for exercising in\- No regular elevators for people at south end of building 56\- Some sort of car port/cover would be nice to protect vehicles from sun and hail\- Possibly add a roving security person to check doors, look for anything suspicious, check the exterior, etc. \- I like the taller partition walls to provide some sense of privacy and sound control. For security & protection of PPI, others are not supposed to be able to see computer screens.
noise issues from neighboring offices, would be nice to have a stand up place that can be used at times.
Great landscaping and lawn upkeep.
Been here 18 years the space has never been redone or reconfigured.  there is mold in the windows that are leaking -  that the building management will not do anything about even before we were moving and the ventilation system has never been cleaned that anybody can tell me.   It is to hot in the summer and the sewage backs up from time to time.  I am glad we are moving.  It is a shame that so much money was paid to this company as well as the rental on the office furniture which has been paid for many times over - over the course of the 18 years.  ATF should get a refund......
I work in the evidence room and the vault is not nearly big enough to store all the evidence that comes in.
Recently I have taken pictures and sent them to; Susan Broeksmit - NOAA Federal &lt;susan.broeksmit@noaa.gov&gt;,\I feel their is a Indoor Air Quality issue and currently working with her.
my office is on a main hallway. Very busy all the time. So having a door is important to get work done. Giving out hospital floor maps may help our Veteran's fine their locations.
The lighting in the overall building is terrible. It is inadequate in the hallways and common areas.\\The temperature in my office is always WAY too cold in the summer.
No comment!!
No natural light
My biggest concern is that we need parking in the building and the agency do not provide it for us. We have to pay for parking, plus the parking is located far way from the office.
The department manager positioned the desks so that there are wires or outlet boxes to step over and sometime people trip and fall.  The noise level had increased and is very hard to concentrate.  \There is no fresh air ventilation at all.  If one employee gets sick everyone gets it and the sickness keeps circling around. The restrooms always has a bad smell.  A customer made the comment that it smells like an outhouse when she walked into the building.  The roof has leaks (it is a flat roof).  Any snow or rain storm we can see the water stains on the ceiling tile.  When we have inspection their fix is to replace the ceiling tile.  If we receive a heavy snow the facility employees has to shovel the roof off.
NONE
Temperature is a constant issue.
Stains, tears, and holes in carpet are mostly covered with plastic floor protectors or cardboard boxes, but you can see down to the padding where a one foot section is missing under my chair.  This adequately demonstrates Government does not indulge in luxury office space, in deference to the taxpayer, yet I no longer want to conduct in-person meetings with outsiders at my desk, as the mess is less-than-conducive to professional business.  Much of the clutter is my doing, I admit.  But I see no reason to unclutter my office if the result merely unearths the unappealing surfaces beneath.
The Dinning Hall roof has leaked for the last 14 months I've been here.  Building 210 has pipes leaking from the ceiling and you have to dodge buckets collecting water for the last 14 months.  Chairs and desks are broken and no method is in place to replace them, so we just move them from classroom to classroom.  Toilets and sink faucets in 210, 261, and 262 have not worked for months. Work orders to install whiteboards have been open since 15 Feb 2018. Requests for ventilation in Bldg 261 rm 236 were ignored, as well as the request to be moved to a new classroom, so the instructors and 48 students were sick for 19 weeks.  And this is advertised as a "World Class Training Facility"?  My high school is better managed.  My university is better managed.  I used my own hammer and replaced the chair molding they was laying on the hallway floors and used my own sockets to fix the handrail laying in the staircase for four months.  And there's more, too.
We still need the phone booths on the floors to be insulated so as to allow for private conversation.
There is water stains above where i sit and that is on the first floor, and you can hear the motorcycles start every evening and the toilets are crooked in the ladies bathroom on the first floor
No noise buffering and close quarters so I hear all conversations and distracting noises from adjacent work stations and offices.
I would like to see water bottle filling stations throughout the building instead of just drinking fountains.
Thank you for conducting this survey and I hope you sincerely consider the feedback that has been provided to you.\\I work in Radiology and the ventilation is horrible in my department! I call maintenance often because some areas are unbearable to work in. We have one examination room and when the doors are closed, it literally feels like a sauna. There are many days, especially in the summer, when my co-workers and I are literally sweating all as we work. By the time we leave here, we feel horrible having worked all day sweating in these poorly ventilated areas! The temperature of one's work environment makes a huge difference in ones performance and demeanor.\\Overall, the EMS members in my department are outstanding! We have some very dedicated and hard working veterans in the housekeeping department stationed in Radiology. My only issue would be making sure someone can look over my department on weekends and when the usual team is off.
Overall, the space is quite good and effective for our uses.  Our conference room furniture is dated and worn.  Conference room temperatures vary widely.  In addition, while I recognize that it's energy-saving, not being able to turn on the lights on a weekend in a copy room, for example, can be quite frustrating.
My issue with the building, common areas, women's restroom, and my own workspace is that things are terrible outdated.  For example, the refrigerator is ancient and does not keep food as cold and it should and so, when the door is opened, the smells are not pleasant. The women's restroom is poorly ventilated; so smells stick around. Also, there is a paper dispenser for hand wiping, which causes water to slip all over the floor and small pieces of paper to be strung about. In my workspace, my carpet has never been vacuumed although my door is open and the trash is taken out. So, I do not understand why the carpet is never vacuumed. Overall, the building, common spaces and my workspace is decent place to work, but there is lots of room for improvement.
The cleaning person is rude- dusting around people while they are at their workstations
none
GSA and Security do a great job here in Little Rock.
poor maintenance of ADA building entry doors, no ADA door openers on restrooms, no ADA emergency exit equipment for stairwells.
The waterless urinals in the men's rooms are nasty.  They are always clogged and they always smell.  They are a joke and disgusting!  Why wouldn't you have toilets that flush?
I am constantly ill and am positive there is mold issue in our offices, the facilities, and especially the court rooms. the AFOD office had to be quarantined for mold and im sure it is in our offices too.
As far as the outside of the building, the parking lot needs to be repainted and paved. The arrows and stop lines are barely visible and there are a few potholes that should really be filled. The sidewalks are all cracked and very dangerous for handicapped people. This interior is just flat out disgusting. The bathrooms are horrible, the carpets are gross and the dust & mold presence is just unacceptable. As someone with a severe dust and mold allergy, it's truly difficult for me to come to work and actually work some days because I'm just struggling to breathe in the building.
The biggest challenge with our space is the function of various facilities. The automatic faucet in the Men's west bathroom, 6th floor, only sporadically works. The counter lighting in the west Pantry is flakey. The door from the elevator lobby to the west side, 6th floor, is difficult to open and the automatic opener doesn't work. This is just the latest of years of repeated door failure.
The building is a mess. \The women's restroom is never clean and always stinks. We have leaks and bathroom closures at least once a week. At one point the wall in the downstairs women's bathroom had water inside the wall, so bad that there were bubbles in the paint.\The HVAC is constantly breaking and one side of the building won't have any AC while the other side is freezing. This has been an ongoing issue as well.\There is normally a burning wire smell upstairs. We have asked about the smell only to be told it's fine. There either has to be wires or something else burning somewhere for this smell to lag around.\I have a cubicle and vacuuming never happens inside the cubicle unless I hang a sign requesting it.\We have issues with bugs in the office that fly around. We have adapted a no food left at your desk initiative to try to avoid this. I don't even eat at my desk normally and I still have bugs flying around my area.\This building is not what I would think is up to standard for employees to be working in 8-12 hours a day.
A  window wheelchairs  low for it.
My office serves as a storage area as well, since we have no storage in our suite.
I know the issue of our low partitions is being resolved by our management but it is a very big complaint/inconsistent in height. Not enough desk space is also an issue. \Lighting flickering on and off is also a major issue because there is not enough sunlight overhead. \Construction is something that is necessary but it would be in the best interest for GSA to complete construction during off hours and weekends (employees in the building would get more done and not be distracted by noise). \This older building also had an issue of asbestos in the past, was this resolved? Construction can be deadly with asbestos dust so something to manage in the future.
Wish there was another café w/coffee bar and other "to go" items in building. Also wish the espresso bar was better at Fuel.
I have noted occasions when individuals smoke inside the parking garage.  Also, when people drive in and out without ensuring that someone did not enter the garage who is unauthorized (security issue).
the blowers sends the dust all over the office furniture. Wish someone would clean the ducts.
The air/heat in our space cuts off at 7pm despite the fact that many people work past this time.
The water situation in the building is ridiculous!  Although we are being provided water to drink, the fact of the matter is that we still have water with lead in it and we have to wash our hands in that water. It's been over a year with no relief in sight.  Yes, water is being shipped in but there is never enough water and what appears to be a lack of caring in an attempt to "save" money at the risk of the employees health is abhorrent.  What message is being sent when people walk through the building and see handmade signs saying "Do not drink the water until further notice"  Thank you for the new modernized drinking fountains but fix the problem!  Don't just place a Band-Aid over it!
The 2810 Crossroads building is a multi tenant facility. In cases of an emergency there is little to no communication between the tenants. the office is on the 3rd floor and if there is a fire or a bank robbery in progress there is no way to notify or warn tenants in any of the other floors/offices.
Small, unassigned desks that have to be packed up everyday make it hard to pick back up in the middle of a task of which sometimes there isn't enough desk space for.
Now that all we have to do to enter the building is scan our ID cards, the security officers need to take a closer look at the ID cards and not just have the employees merely flashing their IDs.
After years in cubicles and shared offices, my current workspace consists of an enclosed office. Best office I've ever had!!
The response to the temperature in the building is horrible. When you know it is going to be hot why is there not a proactive effort to check the temperatures and conditions prior to occupancy. Many facilities take an active preparation for the workday. This facility does not respond until about 4 hours to the e mails related to a condition. Why is there not a common control center that depicts conditions and make changes. \\The water quality issue is a condition that should motivate change. How long is this she’ll game going to last.\\The Oder from the bathrooms is incredibly foul. By the end of the week you can smell the Oder for the length of the halls.\\In over 40 years of working and some of them managing facilities I have never encountered such a mismanaged mess.\\Water quality, Oder, lack of cleanliness, and the absolute under present of maintenance staff, along with no ownership of work, makes this facility a dread to come to. And I have installed sewer systems, dug through leach fields, shoveled manure.\\Ashamed.
Would like bathrooms & eating areas to have hot air cleaners for hands instead of paper towels
Of the six elevators in the Reagan Bldg only two have worked over the last several months.
Not set up to protect private information being entered into Police reports if not cautious.
We have experienced an on-going problem with air quality causing various respiratory illnesses with my coworkers and myself.  the air quality was tested by the VA contractor who said there was nothing wrong.  We experience headaches almost daily, sore throat, sinus burning, eyes burning.  Out refrigerator and microwave were ordered to be removed.  We were ordered to remove all plants.  I contacted the union and never heard back from them.  I contacted national air quality departments as was told there was nothing that could be done.  The VA management reportedly asked if we were problem employees (I have been with the VA 34 years), and we should all be fired for complaining. Something is making us ill, and I am one of the least affected.  They installed an HVAC machine in out office, that resembles HAL in the movie Space Odyssey 2001, and several air purifiers, and now I cannot hear my coworkers 10 feet away.  There are no windows for fresh air.\\There is mold in the bathroom, toilet seats cleaned with bleach that burns your behind, leaking toilet, urine everywhere from veterans using the bathroom for lab specimens, snow and ice is not removed on a timely basis, if at all.  The exterior walls are peeling, weeds growing everywhere, ants in the bathroom and cubicles, red spiders, no room in the front clinic break room to put anything in the refrigerator.  We paid for our own refrigerator that was ordered removed, as was the microwave, all which was personal property. The US/POW flag is ripped, and in the back of the building.  The air conditioner does not work in the afternoon, in our area.  Thank you for your time and attention.
The overall service and response from the Iron Mountain Facility has been severely lacking in the past several years.  They have not cleaned and/or rectified nor been very responsive in the handling of continued hazardous working environment issues that were brought to their attention several times by the NBIB.  They have been more interested in investing funds into a new outside entrance facility for their appearance purposes to acquire other business interests rather then taking care of its current paying tenants.  In my tenure here there have been pedestrian and vehicle accidents and issues which were very preventable due to Iron Mountain’s continuation of inappropriate, unorganized, and lack of attention to the ergonomics of human and vehicle traffic areas whether outside or inside the parking/pedestrian walking areas.
People are in and out and they speak as if no one is there so you can not hear yourself on the phone.  The Chief A.O. does not care. \DHHS/NIH/NINDS\35 Convent Drive\Bldg. 35A\20892
Open concept is horrible.  I get more work done when teleworking.
I like my office. Chair is old and uncomfortable. 9 plus year old chair.
There are many of us packed into a tight area - like the saying goes - "Packed like sardines." Several of our workstations are not usable due to lack of electricity. Due to this a few of our people are located at the end of the area and away from our department. \\Hand sanitizer dispensers are always empty!
The landlord has recently advertised units for rent in this building.  Should these tenants be non-government agencies, concern arises about security's presence and how their responsibilities will change in the building and garage.  We will continue to need all visitors and non-government occupants to be screened by security.  Should there be non-government tenants, when they enter the garage, their vehicles would need to be screened by security.
Office area is too small & limited storage & break area
Sometimes, it is cold, but it isn't too often.
The building and equipment are not old they are ancient. The staff tries, but they can only do so much with what they have to work with. The building is housing way too many people for the facilities that are available. The restroom are straight from hell! First there are not enough of them for the number of people using them and then the fixtures are old and don't work properly. The ventilation is none existent. Some one takes a stinking diseased shit and a half hour later you walk and in you can still smell it. Have done multiple tickets on the restrooms, but they are just too old and inadequate, so no amount of tickets will change that. I would think the IRS would wish to keep their people healthy to cut down on sick days, but...! The elevator only works part of the time. They allow the smokers to sit in front of the building and smoke, so the none smokers have to walk through that coming and going to work each day. Not Good, Not SMART! The cafeteria is a mess. Everything is fried. They took out the salad bar over a year ago, because I guess it was too much work. So now we are forced to eat lard fried food each day, and again I would think the IRS would like to have healthy workers, rather than fat old heart unhealthy works. There is a fly problem in the building in the summer. They don't keep the doors to the cafeteria closed, so the flies come in the front door go to the rest rooms (which I have already described, and then straight to the food preparation area in the cafeteria. I don't eat down there in the summer, I eat at my desk to avoid the flies. There is no supervision by the guards of the cross walk area in front of the building, because I am told it is not in their contract. So it is cross at your own risk each morning and evening. I have nearly been hit several times! One time a capitol metro mini bus almost ran over me. I did a ticket on it to no avail. There isn't adequate lighting in the main north parking lot. I have had my car vandalized and run in to in that parking lot, and I have had gas stolen out of my car's tank as well. Are starting to get the picture. It's time for a new building in a safer, better part of town.
Walls are paper thin and I can hear conversations in the next office.  The lighting is very low which required me to obtain additional lighting on my desk.  I am in a two person office and when the other person leaves the office or is out for the day, the sensor constantly turns off, especially in the evening.
The noise level from other Customer Service Rep's can, at times, be a bit loud.
I wish my computer desk area was such that my back wasn't turned to everybody.   I'm often startled by people who come up behind me.   If I could face the entry to my cubicle that would be much better.
None
also the cafeteria where food is both prepared and served is pretty bad  ( people have had food poisoning)  the floors have never been replaced or any upgrades made  since the building was first opened. a lot of people have developed chronic health issues as a result of the overall unhealthy conditions in this generally poor work environment including poor air quality . bugs. rodents.   . the parking lot is really awful there are so many cracks and holes. (very dangerous) except for repairing some holes and one very small area that was repaved.. it hasn't been repaved possibly since the building was built.
I'm happy to have a private space within which to see patients, however, it's hardly bigger than a closet and it's difficult to fit a patient in a wheelchair in there. And over 50% of my patients are in wheelchairs.
NEED AN ENTIRE NEW PARKING LOT -- FLAT TIRES AND PEOPLE TRIPPING\PARKING LOT IS A HAZARD
We love our office always clean, safe and noise free.  The only issue is the A/C in my office.  The main office is cool but my office is currently 80.1 degrees at 0930.
Always cold in winter with HVAC problems and hot in Summer with burning odor and HVAC problems. Every year you can count on that. Ridiculous !!!
Building is in need of internal painting and new carpets. Fixtures like work chairs and waiting room furniture in need of replacement. Too many bugs crawling around. Cleaning could be better, work surfaces are often very dusty and messy. Our facilities do not impress our patients. We try to keep things tidy but some sprucing up would go a long way.
There are over 30 workstations in one office area and it gets too loud to concentrate.
Other than the forty year old carpet.  My actual office is fine.
would like to be able to re-configure more easily, including moving the whiteboards, etc. for medical accommodations.
The wall height for my workplace is very good, and I would not like the walls any lower
The design of the desk puts light into my eyes so I need to keep the blinds shut during a large part of the day
I would like to have some sort of door to my cubicle for privacy.
I think its a "sick building."  Who knows what toxins are in these walls? It really could be much cleaner too.  Little attention given to control of MDRO either. Need many more sinks in patient care areas.
I've been in the government for a few decades.  I was most productive when in a office even when shared with another.  There was less noise and interruptions.
I should have my own quiet work space with the option of persons entering to discuss their concern without interruptions.
office area where my cubicle is has had leaking ceiling in 3 or more areas for the duration of our tenancy. It is a closed in space so ventilation is poor so the air quality is stuffy with odors. When GSA staff replace absorbents in ceiling they leave a mess in the areas they are working in. They need to take more care in the work areas that have the leaks and clean up after themselves!
Located in high foot traffic area
The desk lights are a nuisance. They're unnecessary, and they activate on their own.
Our warehouse/ shipping guys have turned into "facilities" which doesn't exist, and are continuously fixing things, painting, installing carpet, baseboards , moving things, changing  light bulbs, escorting various contractors of all trades continuously,    they have accepted the responsibility of all the above and more which distracts from there federal jobs here and they often say they are to busy and work overtime   keeping them away from there families
Cleaning of my office is by request, when it needs to be vacuumed I need to request it. any other cleaning is left up to me or my office mate.  No scheduled cleaning is completed except emptying of trash during the day in the office. Surface cleaning on the general unit is on a schedule but any type of "deep" cleaning requires someone to notice a need and request it (usually the manager has to request this). The unit is a ICU and my expectation having come from the private healthcare environment is higher, I would expect this unit to be very clean and it is not!
The 14th floor has only one set of restrooms. Communications should have been provided as to which floors 14th floor tenants can utilize until construction is completed that shut down all restrooms on the floor. It has been a bad experience of trial and error to figure out which floors have available ADA stalls available for both men and women. Some of floors' ADA stalls are modified for more severe ADA individuals which is definitely a good thing, but you need to let tenants know who do not have facilities, which locations are unmodified and available since more time is required to venture to another floor.
The building maintenance is really good. The cleaning crew is what is bad.
These cubicles are too small and too short.  We do not have space for all of the necessary items to complete our work.  Many people prefer to stand, and when we do so, we can see everyone else who is standing.  There are also no measures to reduce noise within the building - we can hear everything that is going on inside, including personal conversations, and any construction or noise outside, such as snowplows, snow blowers, or other equipment, is easily heard from within the building.  The lack of natural lighting is also depressing.  The overhead bulbs are too bright.  It is obvious GSA and BLM want to spend as little money on the comforts and happiness of its employees as possible.
GSA needs to provide recycling services for cardboard - we throw too many boxes into the dumpster.  GSA management treats this facility as an afterthought, and does not proactively communicate with tenants.
Cubes could be bigger.  Some cubes have no doors which then provides no privacy.  Some cubes are situated on main walking areas with no doors and are very tiny basically making it like the person is actually working in the walkway.
There is no accountability from FBI for holding the building management responsible for lack of their timely response to the service requests. FBI is treated differently (because building management knows we don't take drastic steps) in contrast to the private business located in the building. It appears the FBI work space is the last priority for the building management for the very reason that I just described.
The rugs/carpet in our office needs to be shampoo. We have been in this space for over six years and the rug/carpet has not been shampoo.
The Air Force handles our grounds / custodial / etc.  As they cost cut we find we will pick up those areas ourselves or using outside sources.
Bathrooms almost always have urine surrounding the urinals on the first floor - this is a major morale problem for all male occupants.  The geese crap on the sidewalk is very bad at times and is extremely disgusting.  These issues are the only problems with the office, but are extremely distracting.
Very old furniture, broken fixtures, need more storage space.
The building was designed with one thermostat per two offices.  The person next door controls the heating and cooling of my office.  Was that an architectural decision?
I would like to see more than one guard on duty before 6 am.  There are a lot of ladies that arrive before 6 am and there are people sleeping on the bench out side the door and near the steps. There should always be a guard sitting at the desk before 6 am.  Some employees arrive anywhere from 5:00 am to 6 am
none.
too small
partitions, very loud from hallway noise, have conversations about patient's on phone, people in hallway can hear. No ability to adjust temperature or lighting. People come into our work space when we are off tour, suspect they are sleeping, based on condition of desk tops, blankets found.
The garage access meters should be raised and calibrated to be more sensitive. It is very difficult to scan my badge because the access meters are so low and I have to swipe my badge several times before access is granted.
the office houses 3 desks and when 2 people are working in the office, the proximity of the chairs is approximately 2 inches apart.
Building location is too far from field locations that are agency’s mission areas, requiring extra time each day to reach. Location is also in an area that has high crime and transient presence, leading to multiple thefts / break ins to the vehicle storage yard. Vehicle and outside storage yard is not large enough to completely store government vehicles and equipment.
disappointed that there is no cafeteria in the building, not everyone is married, or knows how to cook. a 30 minute lunch is not enough time to go offsite get lunch eat and come back. 30 minutes is meant for facilities that have cafeteria's or married employees who's spouse's cook for them. 30 minutes is unreasonable. Thanks a lot
everything is adequate with the work space
My personal office has holes and needs to be painted.  Also, the common area paint colors are AWFUL and give you the feel of a post-war depression era Soviet Union.
Sometimes meeting spaces are booked with recurring meetings. However, whenever those recurring meetings are cancelled it is not always indicated on the calendar for those rooms. This is especially problematic for the larger rooms.
It is workable in size compare to other offices, but the more space the better to accomplish more.
One of the two elevators has been out of service for over 1 month
The proposed move to the Bethpage facility is unacceptable for an employee with my family medical history of cancers
coffee stained carpet with covered by small rug
The room is small and additional items are scheduled to be placed in the room. A small office is slated to also become an exam room. This is absurd.
As an attorney, it is critical to have an enclosed, single-person office.\GSA and VA's liaisons with GSA do a terrible job of managing/coordinating existing space, return of unused space, and advocating for the need for more space.  As a result, empty floor space at 90 K Street is being returned to GSA's inventory, forcing us to split our staff into another building at a higher rent & requiring duplicate expenses for infrastructure.  This is wasteful and extremely inefficient.  Efforts to retain a fraction of the existing floor space at 90 K fell on deaf ears, with the mantra of "we must reduce the foot print."  We're still using the same amount of floor space - just now have to do it in two buildings.  Have considered calling the IG about this Fraud, Waste, and Abuse.
Elevators at the JFK Building have been an issue for years. I have waited 10 minutes at times for an elevator. Some of the elevators are known to be temperamental and tend to not work properly. THIS ISSUE IS IN NEED OF ATTENTION.  Thank you.
The building manager is never in the building. The assistant building manager dresses so inappropriate for work, it is hard to approach her or take her seriously. \\The mailroom hours are limited and not very professionally run.  Fed Ex has tried delivering packages during normal business hours and nobody is answering the back door, resulting in tardy deliveries.  This is a business folks, and we pay for an overnight delivery service, but aren't getting our packages until the next day after it is delivered (at noon! -- a day and half later)\\The general service areas where we print and get supplies is not getting stocked sufficiently or regularly.
The carpet is horrible and should have been replaced years ago. Numerous plumbing issue with the K3 breakroom and toilets. The 2 ladies hired to clean the restrooms are doing an outstanding job with what they have to work with; now it looks and feels clean when you go to the restroom.
I live in my own Private home.
The temperature in our workspace varies tremendously from one part of the office to another.  my office is almost always hotter than 75 degrees and during the summer it isn't unusual for the temperature to exceed 84 degrees.  All of this while the opposite side of the floor is quite cool.  Some would even say it was outright cold.
They are about to downsize us and cram us into another area with a different function. That will be very uncomfortable and increase job dissatisfaction. Area is not big enough to accommodate all the people they are putting there. Very unhappy with this situation.
The elevators in particular are awful and are constantly breaking down.  I've been stuck in one elevator for about 45 minutes and a second elevator for about 15 minutes.  Response time to fix issues is slow and oftentimes it takes up to 5 or longer minutes for an elevator to arrive when summoned from the lobby of the building.   That is probably the worst part of working in this building.
We work in an office in the basement near the gym.  It is overcrowded, the lighting is poor, the temperature fluctuates (cool from noon to end of day), music is loud from workout classes at gym, and we have leaky roof when it pours. Had to use multiple trash buckets to catch water.  smelled of mold those days.  we put a workorder in, they came and looked and did not get an outcome.  Also, we requested an air quality test.
In basement swing space for years. No natural light.  Far from units we work with.  Ugly pipes. Poor access.  High charge because the space is "renovated".   Need more vacuuming
You never know if you are going to get stuck in an elevator or not once you step foot on it. People are always smoking my the doorways or the sidewalk. The fire extinguishers are out of date by a year. I have pointed it out and supposedly the building management has been notified. I sure hope we don't have a fire and have to use the out of date extinguishers.
Not satisfied with the ability to reach the GSA rep in the building.  He is never available to meet and address problems. The door is always locked and he is away from the building.
The cleaning service is generally terrible. There is one worker, Mark, who does an excellent job. He is thorough and polite.  He takes his time and cleans the floors and vacuums all the rugs and spaces.  But overall, they don't do a very good job cleaning the floors or surfaces.  I have witnessed them spraying a surface and only cleaning a radius of about 12 inches, while leaving the rest of the surface untouched.  The floors in the bathroom are always dirty, and the floors in the kitchen are not any better.
There is no money for things to get fixed budgets keep getting slashed year after year.
The chairs in this building's office spaces and conference rooms are starting to become old, broken and unusable.
The grass and weeds around out building have not been cut in weeks.  The place looks like an abandoned building.
I don't like these surveys, if I have an issue I bring it to the attention of the building manager.
This isn't GSA's fault but NPS Mgt in the building could have figured out how to improve instead of constrict a shower / locker room.  Water pressure in the showers is weak and wasn't addressed when the building was revamped for our new lease.\\We all assume that the HVAC heating and cooling swings will never be permanently fixed\\I don't know what can be done about the nuisance geese and their droppings
Bathrooms are always filthy.  The cleaning lady is always on her phone.
Our workspace is adequate; however, the maintenance of the building is not. Restrooms are not cleaned daily, carpets are almost never vacuumed, and common spaces become very dusty. the main issue with workspace is lack of routine maintenance and cleaning. Otherwise, the space here is satisfactory. at times there are issues with temperature control and it is not clear how to adjust the temperature in some areas of the building.
The only problem is that the housekeeping team is so short-staffed that they can barely keep up, and they have not been supported administratively in their need to fill the multiple vacancies in their personnel.
I don't think that an open concept or group area would be optimal for drafting decisions particularly if trying to use voice dictation software
I don't think we have adequate drinking water on site. It would be nice if there could be nice water fountains with a filter system so the water tastes good, is chilled and purified.
The older offices (I have one) are too large. About 2/3 of the space is enough for one office.
Way to small and not enough printers.
Smoking privileges are abused by many smokers. Many individuals with a tobacco habit, at the Kansas City IRS Campus, do not observe the regulations regarding designated smoking areas. Individuals can be observed smoking in many outdoor areas that are non-smoking areas. In addition to the health hazards of second hand smoke and general decrease in air quality, smokers tend to litter by leaving their cigarette butts on the ground where they smoke.
Ladies restrooms could use a full length mirror.\Trash should be picked up after lunch not before. Coming in the office in the morning sometimes smells from what was left in trash cans.  \Better vacuum cleaners should be provided to the staff who cleans the offices.  There does not appear to be vacuum tools or wands that can vacuum between partitions. Maybe we should be told exactly what the cleaning crew's responsibilities are, i.e. how often are they to dust vacuum, where or where not in an office are they are suppose to dust or vacuum.\Entire ledge boards should be dusted, it looks bad when out in the Atrium and you see part of the shelf dusted and then half not.\Stone tiles outside should be checked and secured, some wobble when you step on them and one can lose their balance.\Better climate control should be available.  Freezing temps inside when just 80 degrees outside.
Overall our building needs cleaned and updated.  Flooring has huge bubbles which is a safety hazard, lighting in parking area very dark, trash cans that are not emptied for months outside of our floor, large dust balls everywhere even on our sprinkler heads, carpet is horrendous, dirty and holes off the elevator, we have dust on our walls.  Poor heating and air, we pay too much for parking, the entire office hasn't been dusted or swept in every area for years- it's only spot cleaned.
They carved out a portion of the office to allow handicap entrance to kitchen area.  blocks my view of persons entering
Ive seen them vacuum, it cursory at best.  You can have dust under your office desk that NEVER gets touched.  Also, restrooms.  If they can go 2 days without filling the toilet paper then a thorough cleaning is out of the question.
It's really really cold. Most people on my floor have shawls, some people have coats in the summer, we have fingerless gloves when it gets bad.  It's really a waste of air conditioning when it is so overchilled.
The layout is not ideal.  I do not like have my workspace open and would prefer, a cubicle at least.  Parking is too expensive in the building and in order to park for cheaper (not even free) we have to walk across a very busy intersection with speeding cars. I'm overall dissatisfied with my work space.
1.  The building has no security barriers out front and is at risk for Oklahoma City type disaster;\2.  There are no "no smoking within 25 feet" signs at the entrances to the building;\3.   My office suite does not have a handicap opener;\4.  The building does not recycle paper;\5.  The lighting is terrible - the light harvesting sensors do not work properly and the lights are constantly dimming during the work day;\6.  The temperature in the office is inconsistent and generally too cold;\7.  We have been in the building since February 2018 and have not yet had a fire drill or any other evacuation drill.
interview area is too congested and it is difficult to hear the claimant
My main concerns with the building are reports of bugs and mice in the basement (where the cafeteria is).
There is not enough space in this hospital. It is old and not maintained well, Environmental service is awful- We have in-house and contract and neither knows how to clean a toilet. It is very cold all over in the clinics and in a closed multi person office staff gets sick from October to March because no air exchanges and ceiling tiles look awful-God knows what lurks above in them. I have never worked in a dirtier hospital with more staff getting sick in the winter season.
The building layout is supposed to improve collaboration amongst my peers but the allocation of seating does not. Some of my team members are on the other side of the building. I am extremely disappointed with the allocation of seats per section. The face-to-face communication is being lost in this current configuration.
the entire place is badly insulated, the temperatures are extreme to the point that we need to use layers of clothing all year around. its extremely unproductive, and when walking to other floors you can feel the difference in temperatures.
Concerned with hearing phones ringing, people absent when their cell phones ring, coughing, smelling perfume or people who smoke, don't wash their clothes or bathe.  Accidentally over hearing people's conversations with their personal physicians, etc.  As a female, having my neighbor on the other side of the partition, now or when the new space is done, is embarrassing to contact my oncologist, gynecologist, etc. to make appointments or talk about my cholesterol.
too small a space for so many attorneys
this floor needs metal detectors and or a second security guard as claimants can sometimes get a little rowdy.
I work in a small work space that has to allow 9 employees to use 2 pc stations.
The air conditioning has been staying on a bit later, but typically it turns off at 5pm, and several people in our office work until 6:30pm or later, which because stifling and incredibly uncomfortable. I have the same problem with the lights turning off at 6:30pm - if people are still working, why can't we have lights?
It would be very helpful to be able to open the windows to obtain fresh air and to moderate personal office temperature as the thermostat is controlled by the neighboring offices. I understand this is supposed to be a security and energy saving control. But this measure is pointless when all exterior doors are constantly opening all day long. As a result, my office space is typically very cold (50º-62º) during AM business hours in the fall, winter, and spring, and often in the summer because of the local often foggy microclimate. It typically takes until 2 pm for my office to finally warm up to a somewhat comfortable ~66º-68º throughout the year (altho I would prefer a 70º-72º office temp.). I have to wear multiple layers just to be able to function at below 66º. Due to extreme 24/7 traffic issues in the greater S.F. Bay Area, many folks are on flex time schedules and come in at 7:00-8:00 AM. Thus, it would be great if building HVAC systems would turn on an 1-2 hours earlier year round to warm offices and turn off 1-2 hours earlier (say 2-3 pm) when sun has naturally warmed up the building and heating is not required. The converse schedule with air conditioning would also be very helpful to efficiently save energy and money and to increase comfort for maximum productivity. Thank you for your time!
Not well laid out, designed for one employee, not two.
Would appreciate cubicle floors being vacuumed occasionally
THE ELEVATOR CABS AND DOOR TRANSOMS ARE IN DESPERATE NEED OF A THOROUGH CLEANING.
I know I will not be satisfied with the new cubicles.
A overcrowded 28'x28' training room with 13 occupants trying to work.
I really like this building it is very functional and we get lots of positive comments from customers about his building, there is times that the restrooms need attention along with some of the office space.
The toilets flush automatically, even when I don't want them to flush.  The sink should have automatic water instead of turning knobs on and off.  The building is too cold.  The software to reserve a conference room is completely worthless.
This VA hospital where I have worked for 32 years has never been so neglected. My unit where I have worked for 23 years (pre/post surgery) has not had a dedicated housekeeper for 2 years. I have been told there are many vacant positions in housekeeping. At a maximum the basics of emptying the trash are done only. I have finally brought in my own sponge and cleanser to do the sink in the staff breakroom and bathroom. I was told yesterday that a crew would be brought in this weekend to do a "thorough' cleaning of my area. The humidity issue in the summer leaves reusable medical equipment unsafe, leading to much reprocessing  and cancellation of procedures. It is unacceptable.
I work at EPA 1301 Conn. Ave. \-Cubicals for colleagues are small and not private. Amount of space offered highly skilled technical staff managing multiple projects is very unbalanced with their responsibilities. \-On-site security, in the event of a real risk to health and safety, is very weak.\-There are very few highly functioning, well maintained (i.e., no peeling wallpaper and dirty windows) and small and large private meeting spaces.
This building is old, dirty, landlocked, and in a destitute part of town.  Makes no sense to keep it here since we can't reasonably expand for the ever changing demands of health care, but that doesn't matter to anyone because it's all about saving money.
Carpets need to  be cleaned more often.  Office is always dusty.  Otherwise, I'm completely satisfied.
The building is outdated and not efficient.  It does not appear that much money is being spent to update items that should be updated.  The garage looks like a cave - poor lighting. The bathrooms are terrible.  The elevators are always breaking down.
need to be more proactive with fire drills.  I did not feel safe when had a recent fire in our building
We have soap in the women's bathroom maybe 2-3 days out of the month.  Why is there a problem with having soap in the bathrooms on the 9th floor. Men have also complained about not having  soap in their bathroom as well. I know this has been brought up to your attention previously. Please keep soap stocked in the bathrooms on the 9th floor at 400 State Ave, GATEWAY TOWER II BLD. Kansas City Ks. 66101.  Thank you.
The building is not ADA/UFAS compliant. It also has poor ventilation.  Landlord is non responsive at best.
Cramped
I am satisfied, but would appreciate more privacy in the Nurses' Station.
I think the biggest issues for the Glendale POD are that: 1) the men's restrooms on the second floor are small and have little to no ventilation, and 2) there are no security guards limiting access to the IRS offices on the second floor. Curiously, there are security guards assigned to the Social Security Administration located on the sixth floor.
We are running out of space, several of us are crammed into the office which doubled in personnel almost 4 years ago.
We have no water to drink.  The water from the tap is not potable due to bacteria and they have removed nearly all the water dispensers from the local areas.  We cannot obtain chilled water from our refrigerator for the patients because it is not safe to consume.  Patients, thankfully, receive bottled water but staff must bring their own water to drink.  This seems wrong.
I have Asthma and transferred from the KC VA.  I was extremely sick all the time there with my Asthma and COPD.  After transferring here, I have not been sick hardly at all.  The office, desk and equipment is all new and very clean!  Very pleased with this!
find a way to turn down the air. I have caught several colds this year with cold air blowing down on me.  sometimes the office is so cold I can't do my work.
Too much noise, lack of phone headsets, lack of sit/stand options, chair comfort
THE FRONT ENTRANCE CONSTRUCTION HAS BEEN GOING TOO LONG. WE SHOULD BE GIVEN UPDATES.
There was a serious issue with the HVAC for years that was just recently addressed and corrected. Prior to this, the temperature was either 55 degrees or 90 degrees (literally). But as of July 2018 the HVAC seems to have finally been repaired.
The HNL PIS was not designed to be used for the purposes we currently use it for. It was intended for use as a fumigation chamber, not an inspection facility or office space. There is no lighting, the power supply is inadequate, the building is old and leaking and moldy, the air-conditioner is broken and keeps the office so cold that most employees wear a winter coat indoors, and we have "offices" made of children's desks crammed into half of the space in the hallway.
changes are occurring but too slowly.  For instance, bathroom upgrades have taken several years
The walls between the work space makes it impossible to see if there is anyone in the waiting area
No privacy at all.
I requested a floor lamp for a small conference room that is very dark.  I was told that there were no more lamps available because so many people had requested them for their own offices.  \\\\This says a lot about the poor lighting in many offices that are not near windows.
The desk configuration in my office is such that my back faces my door and a large lobby space.  All personnel with this configuration, including myself, are extremely dissatisfied with this uncomfortable, awkward design.  I have been working to arrange a cost estimate/potential reconfiguration for approximately six months and facilities staff have been unresponsive.  As a result I had to purchase my own standalone desk so I could work more comfortably.
1.  We need sinks to wash out or lunch containers.   It's disgusting to see people washing dishes in the bathroom! \2.  Filtered drinking water.   Many other govt buildings have the filtered drinking water outlet near the drinking fountains.   We should have that here as well.   We pay $1200 a year (our division) for the bottled water.  That's outrageous! \3.  Ice machine and microwaves haven't been replaced from the cafe.   There used to be an ice machine in the common area in the cafe and more than one microwave.     These are critical and low cost items that can really make the work day go smoother.
While my workspace is cleaned regularly, the desks, cubicle walls, and carpets are out dated, chipping apart, and stained all over.
Noise level is high due to the low partition walls causing work conversation via phone or with peers to be over heard and phone conversations to be difficult to hear. Other than that very pleased with the facility and surrounding area.
Would LOVE predictable temperature!  Would also appreciate the ability to arrange office with therapy in mind, but this is limited by the placement of computer outlets.  An alternative solution would be to provide laptops to facilitate the situation.
The parking garage is not functional.  Takes too long to get in and park.  Takes too long to get out and leave for the day.  However, happy that most of it is covered.  Covered parking is a good thing.  And, Happy that it is attached to the building, so no one has to walk outside in the rain, heat, or cold.
It would be really nice to have available some sort of kitchen facility - there is no place for washing dishes other than bathroom sink which is difficult.
I work in a Visitor Center, Museum, Ranger Station, Entrance Booth and in a Fee Office.  All different types of building.  The vault toilets are bad but the bathrooms in the other buildings are not bad.  The grounds have been pretty overgrown in some areas, but not others.  we also clean up our own personal work areas.
we need bigger office spaces
Nice office but small
lot of dust collects in my workspace.  I seem to be sick more sitting in my space.
Please change all air ducts to rid ALL these old buildings of black mold
The way the desk was setup the place for you to raise and lower your keyboard is in the wrong place.
Building does not have enough workstation for the amount of personnel working here, not enough parking for the amount of personnel working in the office. The grounds around the office are not being maintained (weeds, trash).
There is a shortage of parking spaces available for the employees. There is only three spaces provided to our office. The remaining staff have to park on the street up a block. We used to park at a neighboring hotel parking lot, but understand that the spots were not re-secured.
The areas need t be cleaned more regularly. The carpets arw never vacuumed or washed. Very dusty environment.
This is bldg. is a below average Gov't leased facility and is in need of upgrade.  Facility space is adequate but dated and upgrades would greatly improve workforce morale.
Dissatisfaction about this workspace is that Medical and Mental Health providers alike have to discuss and coordinate a shared workspace. This is not congruent with patient care, and slows down the number of veterans any provider can see at one time
Old cubicles and not electronic, computer or updated for ergonomics design.
office sits back behind another office only one exit through main office which is located by loading dock in case of fire or shooting incident there is no other way out for staff.
I feel that in the winter months the driveway and sidewalks need to be cleared earlier and then kept up during the day.  Also the security staff is not as "professional" as they should be.
My workspace is an office with multiple workstations and is not set up to adequately provide a necessary barrier between employees and patients.  It also does no provide adequate privacy for protection of PII/PHI.
Who decides on the location of the Presidents photo?  President Obama was located facing Social Security and all the other presidents, since I have been working in the Fritz building (30 years), have been located above the Declaration of Independence.
The building overall is very nice. Design is somewhat strange in that open workspaces are located next to highly trafficked corridors, making it very noisy. Secure spaces are located between unsecure spaces and the bathrooms.  Automatic doors are constantly broken.  The biggest issue is limited parking and lack of reliable public transportation make it difficult to get to and from work.
Both GSA and VA have made good efforts to give us a good working environment.
Roaches are a big problem in this building.  I realize they are difficult to control and hard to get rid of, but something more should be done besides placing sticky traps.  Also, there have been different construction projects in the building, but I also know this building had asbestos at one time.  It would be naïve to think that when GSA had the asbestos removed a few years back that they were able to get all of it out.  How do I know that asbestos dust particles aren't blowing through the building along with construction dust from these projects?  The building is old and so is the ventilation system.
NONE.
The building is not well-maintained.  The carpets are old and soiled.  The paint is worn.  The bathroom fixtures are old, the toliets are not self-flushing, and the locks on the bathroom stalls do not work properly.  There is a lack of adequate meeting space.  Also, there are cockroaches, lizards, and other pests in our working spaces.  It is embarassing to have visitors to our offices given the poor conditions and lack of meeting space.
My workspace is not a workspace. Just a little 3x3 ft area right next to the automatic door. If we move 1 inch this way or  that way, i will either hit my shoulder and injure myself or hit against something else on the other side. Also my workspace just has a thin screen where everything can be seen and heard by others, no privacy at all for the patient or the doctos.also very hard on our back and neck to sit in that narrow space and work 10 hrs a day. We complained to the Supervisors and Engineering multiple times. They looked at it, write something and nothing is done for the past 3 yrs. We have no safety or protection if a veteran becomes agitated.\If OSHA comes and inspects this area, they will see a bunch of red flags. I suggest someone to come and look at this area and push our administration to do the needful ASAP, not take 10 yrs until we mess up our back and neck/or get hurt by the heavy automatic door.Hope my voice will be heard.
We asked permission to bring a portable basketball hoop for the summer months.  Even though there is MORE than enough space, the request was denied.  This property has a couple adequate places to put one.  The more important health issue is the setting of the LED lighting system.  When we first moved to our new space the lighting was great.  Now the percentage of output they set the system to is way too low.  GSA denies any change.
Federal protective service people are generally friendly; however, they are not professional.  Only a few ensure the picture on the ID matches the person holding and frequently don't bother the check that the date on my ID is current, much less .  On a few occasions they were too busy talking to each other and just waved me through.
There appear to be some minor balancing issues with the heat in the winter- portions of the office appear to be colder than others.  Other than that, the building is great and the office is well-maintained.
I have had occasions when leaving office after dark where the lights in the hallway will not activate upon motion until I get to the elevator.  I have had to use a flashlight to move from my office to the elevator.
I like the size and design of my cubicle--it is the original design, not the new one they are putting in.\\The only issue I have with the building is the mouse/rodent problem. Before mice were only seen/heard late in the evening or on Mondays/Fridays when the building was very quiet. Last week a woman an aisle over had a mouse run over her feet. This is not only unacceptable, but it led to 20-30 minutes of talking etc. and was quite disruptive to everyone's work as she, understandably, had to calm down and figure out who to call etc.\\Regarding the security--Admittedly i am not a security expert. However, it makes no sense to me how the new security procedures are to screen randomly and that is supposed to make it more safe. I know there were a lot of issues that needed to be figured out with the initially proposed method but then we get this procedure and hear nothing more.
Smoke area could use an air purifier to help the cave not smell like smoke. Most of the officers are very friendly while still doing a great job.
need to evaluate the air during the weekend
We had a flood in our office and now we are sharing offices spaces.  It has been 2 months and we are not able to listen to our customers because the noise level is to loud.
Delays in remodeling the workspace is impeding our ability to provide proper patient care.
The building is not a secure, Federal building. Anyone can come in and say they're going to EEOC (for example) and get anywhere inside.
Absolutely no privacy.  5 employees in an open space.  Employees have no respect for noise level while others are talking to Veterans on the telephone.  There is no privacy for personal conversations with Veterans.   The direct supervisor and Business Manager is in the same open space as employees, which is total micro-managing.  The Business Manager constantly yells from her desk to employees to do work and yells orders out with no respect for privacy.
The counters and baseboards are very old.  Baseboards peeling off. Wall never repainted.
Restrooms sometimes smell, sink tops always have puddles on top.   Floor is wet off and on, sometimes flushing the toilet makes the pipes make very loud noises.   Break room in particular is either really hot or like a freezer.
The noise level is really high when there are a lot of people in the office. It is hard to participate on conference calls or webinars with all of the noise in the background. It is also hard to concentrate on intensive tasks.
Heating & Cooling system in our area is still from the 50's and temperatures can range from 60-90 degrees depending on the day.
would like to see parttime vendor for coffee, breakfast/lunch options and vendor machines for cold drinks/snacks...maybe "roach coach" outside in parking lot during set times.
Modular furniture is not configured the way I like to sit/stand and work.
Building is fine. Parking costs seem high considering the area of the state/city we work in.
2  families,stated this week, that we are a soft target for an attack or active shooter situation .  So its even an issue for the patients. We need better front access and basement security. Suppossedly the challenges with  the department flow will be corrected when we move to 2nds floor ... but that was designed by people that don't do the job... or have a clue... our local housekeeping has improved greatly with a few tweeks to the staffing  Demond Thomas has done a great job on the night shift and Oscar Cotton does and exemplar job in day and  keeps things moving .. we have high pt turn over
cleaning and security staff professional and hardworking. Joy to work with
I have not been given a real desk. I work on a board that has been converted to a desktop. My chair does not fit and I have had and continue to have demonstrable issuues with body parts as a result of this poor workspace.
Additional outdoor seating and tables would be nice. Meeting space can be hard to come by; we could use more of it.
There should be a designated area for the Federal Police Officer to park/sit in his vehicle that doesn't block paid parking spaces and sidewalks on the surface lot.   Security guards shouldn't be allowed to use their personal cell phones while they're working.  They're there to keep a close eye on people/situations and be able to react quickly.  If they're heads are down and preoccupied, a situation could turn into a tragedy.  If incidents are happening in one agency or on one floor that effects the entire building, all the tenants should be made aware (ie. - mice infestation).  Submitting an OSGETSERVICES ticket can be very confusing when you're trying to find the appropriate tab or heading for the problem you're re reporting.   Not very user friendly.  Although smokers are told where the designated smoking areas are, they still don't obey and no one is directing them to those areas when they're standing in front of the building on the Elmwood sidewalk or the West Huron sidewalk near the guard station.  Some smokers start lighting up as they're exiting the building or some continue to smoke while they're returning from smoking and deposit their butt as they're re-entering the building on the sidewalk near the doors to the building.  Without direct enforcement, this will continue to be an issue which is evident because it's been happening since the building opened 13 years ago.
It's difficult to speak to a patient on the phone when two or three people in the room are talking with someone else, or with their own patient on the phone. The lighting is horrible. I used to get daily headaches due to florescent lighting in the office (no exaggeration- I have been seen in the neurology clinic numerous times and have been prescribed several medications with uncomfortable side effects). The headaches resolved when we brought in lamps and turned the overhead lights out.
Janitorial service included in lease amount, GSA has never withheld any portion of rent due to lack of required janitorial service.  We have submitted weekly reports based on the lease showing janitorial services not being provided per lease.  NEVER received ANY assistance to RESOLVE the issue with the property OWNER.
Our office is tiny and crowded. It would be nice if we could have just a little bit of our own space to store stuff.
The building has been purchased by a large health care entity.  They treat the "outside" tenants poorly and make it pretty clear that they want us out of the building.  There is frequent construction noise during work hours, as well as frequent alarm testing that is very disruptive.  It is very difficult to book meeting room space now that they are the owners.
I am extremely dissatisfied with the state of the lockers in the gym, which is open to all tenants.  Out of 25-30 lockers, only 7 have keys, and even some of those cannot be used due to the way the locks have been installed. The management company (Cushman & Wakefield) has sent notices requesting that the persons who removed the keys return them, but has not otherwise addressed the problem, essentially punishing everyone for the acts of a few. The cost of replacing locker-room keys is minimal, and should be inherently factored in C&W's costs of doing business. Ignoring the problem simply to save a few bucks is poor form. If the cost of replacing keys is such an issue, C&W can find an alternative, such as installing combination locks that users cannot steal. Whatever the solution, C&W does a fine job of maintaining fitness-center equipment, and should do the same for its locker rooms.
Noise is distracting from meeting rooms, private offices, and other cubicals.  I have used telework option to focus on work.
Unfortunately, the West High Rise Building is an older building in need of some major repairs.  Many of us have been told that the entire heating and air conditioning system need to be replaced.  I know that this building is slated to be updated in the upcoming years and it desperately needs to be done.
The men's restroom on the 4th floor near the South side of the building (near the elevators) has a door that remains wide open for a considerable amount of time when opened. As a result, anyone coming out of the elevator or exiting the main hallway door adjacent to the women's room can see directly into the men's room with full view of both urinals. Some kind of mechanism needs to be attached to the door to allow the door to immediately close behind each person.
The whole building could use an update.
My office is never less than 80 degrees all year round; air conditioning never cools off room. Poor (no) ventilation. Mold odors. Dusty interiors. Filthy carpets. Frequent calls to the exterminator for bug problems (and rodents/animals in the ventilation system). Need to use bottled water as water is unsafe to drink on campus.
Overall, I am satisfied with my office accommodations.
The previous Lessor did not follow through with paining touch-ups (once every 5 years), replacing worn carpeting at the end of it's life (ie, 10 years), replacing break room floor tiles. Now that they've declared bankruptcy (and the FAA's renewed the lease) and we've been assigned another property manager, service remains the same or is progressing at a VERY slow rate. Since being managed by a different building lessor, their schedule for building maintenance has been to come out once a week; not as needed. Janitorial services are adequate. HVAC has been slowly fixing under-performing AC units. Landscaping could use attention (weeds). Pest Control adequate. We are still waiting for a sidewalk repair (reported 7/10/17), the Visitor/Employee Parking spots to be re-striped and labeled (since 6/13/17). We are currently attempting to ensure that the flag is properly illuminated during all hours of darkness since it is flying 24-hours/day (Federal Agencies should adhere to Public Law 94-344/Federal Flag Code/4 U.S.C. 5).
Our building was sold and we need to be out by December. No one seems to be concerned about looking for a new office as we have been told it could take two to three years.
Over the past 4 weeks, we have had multiple problems with the air conditioning/chillers in the building. For at least four days during this time, when outside temperatures were in the mid to upper 90's, we had NO A/C. Temperatures inside the office reached 86 degrees. This was not a single incident. There have been at least two occasions when the A/C went out in the building. Additionally, building management routinely shuts down the A/C over the weekend, making the building uncomfortably hot on Mondays.
Rooms are not set up for seeing mental health Vets safely
The noise from constant construction has gone on for over a year. They jackhammer right under me every day. We asked GSA to at least set up one hour when there would be quiet. I am here to say that the "quiet" time has not happened. Trying to think and work is impossible.
Building temperature - In my work area there is almost a daily complaint about the temperature - too hot or too cold - by ONLY A FEW employees, as NOT everyone has that opinion. Nevertheless, constant emails are sent to complain. GSA and/or maintenance personnel come up and "do something" only to have the situation repeat the next day, and the next, etc. ONLY A FEW  have an issue, but EVERYONE ELSE suffers, making those that were comfortable now uncomfortable just to satisfy the complainers. A SINGL acceptable temperature FOR ALL should be established and maintained. It is a waste of time and resources to "chase" an individual occupant's desired room temperature. Set a standard and stick to it - each occupant should adjust themselves, not make everyone else suffer.\\Building exterior - There has been a growing number of homeless, pan handlers, smokers and vendors that have taken over the exterior walkways, stairways and surrounding the entrances/exits making access/egress difficult and unpleasant. There appears to be no attempt to enforce the posted No Smoking signs. Also, as a result, there has been an increase in the trash/litter strewn about the building.\\Building maintenance/cleaning - The new company is not as good as the previous one. Areas are not cleaned/serviced as well, and multiple requests are needed to get something done. Communication between management and workers appears sporadic.
We are in a very dangerous area.  There murders around here frequently, there are panhandlers that approach the employees trying to go to and from their car, there are drug heads all over the place.  The bank next to us has been robbed several times and so has the quick trip across the street and the worst part is that there is a police station across the street.  It would be nice to be in a safer area..
Workspace has no privacy for patients.  Floors in work area and exam rooms are not cleaned regularly unless we call.  Should be daily.  Trash pickup frequency is inadequate. Walls at workspaces are covered with dust.
The building is currently being worked on which affects the usability and attractiveness of common spaces.
The biggest issue is the temperature of this building. The cubicle workspace area In 3East is HOT!  It's very warm every day.  In the conference rooms and common areas it is freezing.  The cubicle workspace area has not been this hot in the past so need to figure out what is the problem.  Several of us have complained through out Admin personnel and they past it along but we've not heard anything back.  \\In the springtime, I also hosted meetings in the conference rooms.  The air temp controller are not allow to be touched.  Yet the rooms were so hot in the afternoon it was hard for the team to work and concentrate.  Then when the door is opened to create airflow the noise travels to the hall, thus can be disruptive to the others working in cubicles outside the conference rooms.  We are grown ups!  we should be able to control the temp in a conference room for a 3 day meeting and be able to return the thermostat back to what it needs to be at the end of each day.
For the air quality, it would be nice to have some signs posted to reduce heavy fragrance in the restrooms. There are some women who go into the restroom early in the morning to do their hair or prepare in other ways and the sprays that they use are so strong it is difficult to breath. There are many times where I must walk to the other restroom on the floor because I cannot be in the restroom with the hair spray and perfume for more than a minute or so. At the Vancouver office, they have a sign requesting that fragranced sprays not be expelled in the restroom. It seems logical that we could do the same.
This is kept up very well. They do a excellent job!
The outside sitting area needs additional attention.  Bird poo is often on the tables and chairs taking away the option to decompress outside for lunch or as needed throughout the day.
VEHICLE PRIMARY BOOTHES WILL FAIL ELECTRICAL SAFETY INSPECTIONS. THEY SHOULD HAVE BETTER ORGANIZATION---PAMPLETES, NOTICES, AQI FOLDERS, ETC.\THE VEHICLE SECONDARY LOT PARKING SHOULD BE BETTER MANAGED--ITS IN DIRE NEED OF A COMPLETE STRIPPING, CARFULLLY DESIGNED SO THAT REFERRED VEHICLES KNOW EXACTLY WHER TO PARK.  THERE SHOULD BE A BOLD STRIPPED LINE FROM THE Z-PORTAL EXIT AREA TO WHERE REFFERED VEHICLE PARK SO ELIMINATE DRIVER CONFUSION.
Most of the VA employees are disabled vets and have bad backs. Each day we have to drive over speed bumps in the parking lot which causes a back pain. \\We are not allowed desk top fans that use the building electrical source. Why? the temps in the building are too erratic. Some of us sit sweating while trying to complete our assigned work.
I don't understand why the elevators are on a timer. I come in and no one else around and I hit button and it takes up to 5 minutes for a door to open. you mean to tell me that all of the elevators are being used at the same time. There are many people who telework on Friday who come in on Saturday for overtime. They have to use one tub for laptop and another tub for personal. why are the guards only using 3 to 4 tubs for x-ray and there are 5 to 10 people in line to come in and we have to all wait due to lack of tubs. but during the weekday there are 5 to 6 tubs being used. pull out and use tubs as needed,
Unable to save location and agency:\Work for NIH in Rockledge one, 6701 Rockledge Dr., Bethesda, MD 20892
It's a nice building, i just wish BOOKIT have more than 5 days to book because I sit in the same desk on the 55th floor and come more than 3 days a week and want to be able to BOOK the same desk.
Plants/Flowers were planted in front the address, you now can not see the address of the building on the front sign
Its an old building with issues, but separate offices are still better than a multi-person office.
Our cubbies do not get vacuumed, ever, and the walls and shelves have a lot of dust. I understand now that its not in there contract! what bull.  I have to spend money on cleaning supplies for this work place.
NONE.
Some of the restrooms and canteens are not cleaned and maintained to the same standards as others.
I am using my own task lamp: I was promised that one would be ordered and delivered 19 months ago by our Biloxi Interior Design team. Desks were installed and had been used previously in Biloxi. The drawers have had to be repaired twice and were very dirty when put into our new building. Desk tops are white so a task lamp is necessary for reading and for efficiency since the fluorescent light causes huge amount of glare off the white tops. I'm not complaining - space is adequate and I've made do. The facility is adequate but not as nice as the facility at Eglin CBOC.
This building is a shop with a 3" insulation bate in it they turned into a office by putting an a/c system with overhead heat panels that cook your head for heat. The temp. control of the building is a joke and you hear all traffic outside. They need to build a building to code. Then turn this building back into what its suppose to be a shop/storage building or tear it down.
The amount of space limits the amount of work being done.
Basement floods and there is known mold with no corrections.  Converted conference room to cube farm.  Move new people in and after 8 years of complaining they fixed the air/heat(new people).  Had mice within cubicles changed out cubicle and carpeting with old furniture and carpeting and appears to still have mice. No one should have to work in this environment.  But seems as a tenant we get passed over.
The building is great and does not need to be messed with
1.  The surrounding grounds are unkempt, trash-ladden and crime is high.\2.  The parking garages are dark, unclean (with a bad odor) and are also subject to crime.\3.  The interior of the building, while new, is for the most part devoid of any natural elements, such as plants, natural pictures, etc.\4.  The cubicles and offices are sterile and are designed in a way to emphasize organizational structure and chain of command.\5.  The break rooms are small and can be easily monopolized at lunch by a small group of people, requiring employees to eat at their desks or go outside the building for lunch.\6.  There are no common areas for employees to gather for informal discussions or meetings...or just as an alternative place to work outside of a cubicle.\7.  Food options are non-existent.  There is no coffee shop and no cafeteria, much less freshly made food offerings or healthy food choices such as fruits and vegetables.
GSA personnel is very polite and friendly!
For the most part, I am very satisfied with our building.  Here are my problems: \1) We have a "reflecting pond" in the center of our exterior courtyard, which has not been operational for the past two to three years.  Now it has been filled in with dirt and landscaping items.  Not that great.\2) There is a gym door that has been repaired at least twice, but it still manages to come unhinged, and it is a problem: this is a huge, heavy glass door.  If this fell on someone: major lawsuit.\3) I hate waterless urinals.  We have plenty in the men's bathrooms and gym.  I guarantee the women don't have to put up with them.  They stink, both figuratively and literally.
to cramped, no leg room, not enough des space.
I am the nurse coordinator for a clinic. I am using a small exam room for an office and sharing with an LPN. We are trying to get a remodel of this room to bring us into compliance with requirements for storage of reusable medical devices.  (i.e. an Omnicell and appropriate shelving units).  It has been months since I put in the requests and had them approved.  So far the only thing that h as happened is an emergency outlet was installed.  When I call I am told to wait my turn. I think they must be very short staffed in doing these types of job requests.\I have also requested a raised work station to alleviate back problems. That was in March and it is not June.
There are not enough desks for the dept.  We have been issued 1/2 sized lockers and a 2 drawer file cabinet.  You have to walk through the room where all lockers are located to get to the ladies room which has no lock on the door.  We are told to hot desk.  Some people are informally sharing desks and some have their own, but official policy is hot desking and when more people are hired, it will likely be enforced.  We will have to move our cabinets around to an available desk.  We are not permitted to telework more to alleviate the problem.  I have fibromyalgia and do not want to move a file cabinet around or use different chairs.  Cleanliness and illness are very big concerns.  No sink in the break room and only one stall in the bathroom with no lock or a fan. Carpet is dirty.  Building smells old and musty.  Mouse droppings on a desk.  Airco could be sufficient if air deflectors are used.  The people who sit under the vents get cold and raise the temperature which makes others too warm.  I have an issued heater and fan which can help in those instances, but with hot desk policy enforced, I don't know how that will work.  I am not looking for perfect or brand new.  Enough workspace for everyone and clean with a lock on the ladies room door would be more livable to me.  OI&T are in the same building and they are pretty dissatisfied.  They also have some space on our floor that they don't use.  Some of them are unhappy that we are in the building.  This all adds to work stress.  People have left the building just to go to use a rest room.
One of the security guards who works the M-W shift is always on his cellphone and appears distracted.
much of our business requires conversations over the phone.  it can be difficult to concentrate when there are several conversations going on around you.
The building is hot on one side and freezing on the other side.
The office has 12 desks.  12-&gt;17 people can be using the space for work or meetings.  The noise can get loud at times.
I prefer the workstation partitions that people cannot see over when standing.  The noise around the partition is the problem
I am satisfied  with our building and grounds. My personal office space is great.
The Reagan Building is a beautiful building but the restrooms are disgusting. I work in the mezzanine office space so our restrooms are open to the public. They are often very dirty with broken plumbing fixtures, soap dispensers, stall doors. It's really gross and unacceptable.
new clinic needs to be built not enough space. rugs should be shampooed. Hand drying towels not available at times. partitions needed.
In general, the building and grounds appear to be very well maintained and cleaned, especially for the age of the building.  I only have 1 real complaint, the other one is very minor.\\1st - The HVAC is always cold, especially after about 9 or 10 am. It also runs constantly and makes it hard to hear. I think its making my ears ring by the end of the day.\2nd - Its minor, but the carpets could be cleaner, lots of staining in certain areas.
I still have punch list items that never got done after the remodel of the building in the Ops Center. There was a fight between GSA and Workforce Mgmt. as to whose responsibility it was and they never completed them.  Includes things like a sprinkler can missing, tear in the door, and we're still working on getting my place fully operational after GSA had ripped out all of the wiring.
Although I personally am neutral on the building and facilities as a whole, this building is woefully inadequate in general for the USCIS Houston Field Office.  There is not enough file space so empty cubicles and storage rooms are having to be utilized instead of properly secured and rated file rooms.  Plus the layout of the interview offices looks more like a rat maze than it does a suitable office environment.
The carpets in our area are old and getting vacuum or carpets cleaned is a major project. Ventilation is limited and the air dust and not moving, have personal fans to move air in office.  EMS staff that is responsible for this area is changing and inconsistent.
How will the story end?
I would like to have a designated smokers area away from the building's doorways.  It's very frustrating to have to maneuver around smokers blocking the doorway.
The garage has screening to prevent birds from entering the garage on the sides.  During winter/snow and freezing rain collects on the screening.  This condition allows for thawing and dripping on the walkways that then refreezes causing a safety hazard when it's not treated quickly. This situation has caused several people to fall and get hurt.  There is an easy fix that hasn't been implemented.  Put a catch drain at the bottom of the screening that will carry the water away from the walkways when it melts, and lessen the possibility of wetting the walkways and freezing.
We seem to have a lot of Fire Alarm tests every month during work hours 8am-5pm and I wish those would be performed after business hours not to inconvenience the workplace. On a side note, we had a small fire in the building (west-side) and we had to stay in marshalling area for hours in the very humid/hot Florida weather. Heat outside was unbearable - perhaps there should be a plan after we evacuate the building, do a personnel headcount, and relocate folks to a near-by facility, or have some tents put-up with water availability. Some of us had to go to our cars, and walk to other buildings and wait almost 2 hours to get a Clear to go back inside the building.
I had better office space while in graduate school.  No WIFI, so I can't easily pick up my computer and go elsewhere for privacy.  My seating is horrible.  My desk is horrible.
Temperature is wildly inconsistent between rooms and throughout the day. Air currents frequently keep doors open and are annoying.
There needs to be a dog restriction on the property.  It's getting to where you don't want to eat outside because you smell dog poop. Walking around the property to see it.  Just not good.
insects, mice, wasps, moths, and other living things should not be in an office environment.  The water issues were never satisfactorily rectified.  The air quality is poor due to particulate matter being blown throughout the facility.  Mold and mildew is obvious by the odor.  The physical environment is causing illness and extreme discomfort.  This is not a safe place to work.
My main area of concern is the ever presence of huge roaches and mice/rats traipsing around.  My area is free of food and my daily Work Inc. worker (Francis) is awesome at doing all he can to keep our area on the 16th floor well maintained; free of any thing on the carpets, common areas, and if we ask for additional attention if we made a mess he's always accommodating to the staff.  With the nearby construction I can see where there would be an uptick in the rodents running around but the roaches are ridiculous.  Also, JFK is an older building and in need of an upgraded dock area to include a ramp that would make it easier when we transport our mandatory shred containers.  Currently, it's just a matter of time before everything goes awry with possible injury or my shred unit tumbling over and possible unintentionally disclosure of personal identifiable information.  Thank you.
All is well here. Work is fun
Large overhead cubbies came attached to the desks, which block the light. These aren't needed since most information is stored digitally. However, a request to remove the cubbies is often denied because it's viewed as destroying the desk. Management asks that a request to buy new furniture be submitted instead of a request to remove the cubbies, which isn't cost effective. In addition, the cubbies are low so that the height of monitors must be low, causing back problems for people taller than about 5'7".
These need to be reviewed more regularly and new workspaces purchased regularly.
Our office building is an old (probably 1930s) converted condominium. We have very little common space at all-- just the lobby and the landings by the elevators. It just feels tight. And it is, as is often the case in federal buildings, crammed with old and/or broken furniture and office equipment. The problem in the bathrooms is mainly that we have the loudest hand dryers in the world-- they sound like commercial aircraft taking off-- but no paper towels. A smaller (literally) problem in the men's room on our floor is that it is a handicapped accessible restroom, which means that the urinal is very low. That means that the floor is always spattered with urine.
Temperature is not always comfortable in my office, often it is too cold especially during the summer months. The laboratory rooms are occasionally too warm, such that we have to prop the doors open in order to maintain a comfortable temperature. When Facilities are notified of the issue, the response is that the controls are not capable of regulating individual rooms to resolve the problem.
Most airline announcements only apply to passengers in the gate area.  A hand held megaphone would be sufficient to reach them.  Announcing boarding procedures over the checkpoint speakers disrupts our communication with passengers and coworkers because it is so loud.
THE CARPETS ARE DIRTY, THE BATHROOMS AND AGI LAB SMELLS BAD, THE OUTSIDE BUILDING LEAKS, ANIMAL BOOP ON THE CARGO DOCK AREA AND RUST IS EVERYWHERE ON THE BUILDINGS.
Work in cubicle that have just the right space.
Not satisfied with the property manager who has been difficult to deal with.  This experience is shared with not just my agency but other agencies as well.
This building is not in a good part of town. This building stood empty for many years and has issues. It was the cheapest of three spaces. I understand that FEMA saved money. But it did so at the personal cost of its employees. When we moved into this space, we had no air conditioning and no ventilation; Log was rude when we asked for fans. A Safety person told us at a training that he advised against this building, but it was the cheapest available.
There needs to be accountability in the Human Resources office. They are not performing their duties.
Overall satisfaction is quite high, I am enjoying my work environment.
I don't like the motion timer on the lights with no ability to turn it off.  Sometimes, I would like to have the lights off as the outside lighting provides enough for me but I do not have the option.  Also, if  am reading and still for a certain amount of time, the lights will cut off, which can be annoying.
The shower water is too hot, and when you turn it down, you lose pressure. Perhaps turn the cold water up to increase pressure and balance it out.
The break room is a long walk from the workspace and doesn't allow sufficient time to go there and come back on break time.  Break time is our only option during work hours to use the computers and access to the computers, because the break room is so far away, is not a suitable option to perform SOP research, check email, etc. Also, there is no running water or coffee maker (single cup) in the break room to make personal sized cups of coffee
The building is older so there are challenges with air quality, temperature problems, difficulty with cleaning old spaces, etc., but this is better than our concerns about noise problems with limited office space and half cubicles if we move to another building.  Quiet is our main issue and that will be a problem with fewer offices and lower cube walls.
We don't have enough room for staff lounges, and staff conference room.
Smoking at the entrances is out of control, especially in the SCI pavilion where no smoking signs are clearly visible but not enforced.  Office temperatures are inconsistent and the thermostat in the office has no effect.
We have had an increase of males in our office but only have one urinal and it is a waterless urinal. So when that is in use you feel bad having to use the toilet and waste the extra water. We do have three sinks and an open grooming space. The grooming space could hold the extra sink and we could have a second urinal. Also we have two hand driers. One works very well. The other is a nice gentle breeze that doesn't really help you dry your hands. It would just be nice if it worked well, like the other exact same one.
The building was built in 1950 and is difficult to maintain.  Housekeeping services are minimal.there are not enough front line staff to do the cleaning. The front line staff are usually unhappy and unmotivated and feel overworked.
The only issue I have is that the location of the office is at the "T" of a hallway where many people pass through.  Also, many people come from throughout the building to make use of the staff restrooms; they have a tendency to congregate outside of the restrooms socializing which creates distractions, high noise levels, and takes away from privacy of sensitive discussions.  Perhaps closing off the main hallways to authorized staff would be best.
This is a rather new, LEED certified building.   We are very proud of the building, it was designed around Reclamation's local Hoover Dam related history and the outside design was developed through collaboration with the State Historical Society to fit in with the local community.  A very nice place to work.
'- Inadequate sound proofing of offices.\- Not enough offices for personnel.\- Cubicles/desks are insufficiently spaced and far too crowded.
I AM VERY CONCERNED WITH OUR CHECKPOINT LOCATION. THE WHOLE AIRPORT FACILITY HAS AIR CONDITIONING BUT NOT THE CHECKPOINTS. \IT GETS OVER 90 DEGREES DAILY INSIDE THE CHECKPOINT AND THAT IS WITH THE FANS ON. WE'VE HAD A PASSENGER DIE ON THE CHECKPOINT FROM THE HEAT. AND RECENTLY A TSO PASSED OUT ON THE CHECKPOINT. HOW MANY PASSENGERS OR TSOS INJURIES AND DEATHS NEED TO HAPPEN TIL A CONTROLLED CLIMATE NEEDS TO HAPPEN AT OGG (KAHULUI AIRPORT)..
My work is conducted in an office as well as I spend much of my time in shared space, the hospital, and out patient exam rooms.
Would be better to have one work space with working furniture, equipment then to have two that are not the best.
Exterior windows need to be cleaned more often (i.e. at least once a year). All building exteriors, sidewalks and street curbs need to be power-washed at least once every five years to prevent black mold build-up.
1.  Several services would be better provided, at lesser cost, and with higher quality if they were centralized.  For example, a FedEx/Kinko's-style center with advanced binding, copying, laminating, printing services, etc.\2.  A product collection area where excess or unneeded durable or expendable items could be put or picked up at no cost, e.g. chairs, desk supplies, unused paper, misc. parts, etc.\3.  A full-service postal center with express mail services, letter-folding and envelope stuffing machines, franking, assorted envelopes, etc.
We have a lack of EMS workers coming in to do our building.\The main dissatisfied part is that the Laundry workers use our bathroom throughout the Day/Night & you can see a BIG difference when they have been there. Why does Laundry come here for restroom use? They have their own set of toilets/urinals/sinks IN Bldg. 508, Laundry.
For federal employees, it is not efficient that we have a separate key fob to get through security.  There should be a way for our PIV cards to be allowed entry into the building.  Also, it would be helpful if security had a log of names of employees with a picture of that employee.  If you forget your key fob, this system would allow you to get in as long as you provide the name that matches the picture.  This is a suggestion for a new policy.
A recent study concludes that open offices do not facilitate, and actually hinder, inter-employee communication and work that requires focus without distraction.  These conclusions align with my personal experience.\\\\However, the benefits of natural light and exterior sightlines may make the trade-off worth it.  \\\\Given that technology (e-mail, chat, etc.) is now common, and actually realizes the types of communication that open office is theorized to do, interior design should swing back from this fad to something that better facilitates employee focus.\\\\Ideally, full-height glass-enclosed cubicles with individual climate control, sound proofing, privacy banding, and optional full visual privacy setting would be preferred, but may be cost prohibitive.  Hopefully, someone is working to enable this ideal.  Given the prevalence of telework, and increasing mobile workforce, perhaps a philosophy of fewer, but higher quality spaces could be utilized.
It is too cold in the office. There is no security for this building. The parking cost is too high. The toilets are too low to the ground.
Desks are very old along with file cabinets, microwaves and fridges.  appearance of room is not very nice
The physical security measures are in drastic need of updating. Bollards are to far apart and sporadic at best. One specific location could allow a large truck to pass through uninhibited. Swing arm gates are not a deterrent, frequently they are broken or in the up position, on multiple occasions I have had to alert security that there is an unauthorized car in the restricted space. Anyone can walk into/access the employee parking lot. There are only floor stand signs separating the common access area to employee access areas/elevators. Metal detectors are routinely malfunctioning, one has been broken for almost a year. Additionally, the gym needs updated equipment and sanitization.
na
Too much noise and not enough work space.  Also need a desk phone, because the soft phone works on an intermittent basis.
The layout of the built-in furniture with its curves and hanging cabinets is not particularly well-suited to modern computing with big twin monitors--I've heard this office set-up is called "Executive C." The feature that disrupts my work the most is noise (long conversations, phones with ringer volumes turned up, etc) from adjacent offices and partitioned work spaces where administrative staff work.
Would prefer having the office carpet vacuumed more frequently to reduce dust and dirt
All offices in my area are on one side of a hallway.  As we have to keep our doors open all the time, it can get pretty loud
The cleaners will not allow us to have individual trash cans in each bathroom stall.  We purchased new ones and put in each stall they were in there one day and they took them out.  They said we had one main trash can in the bathroom and that is enough.  I am pretty sure they are too lazy to empty 3 more trash cans.  What they do not understand is half of our cubicles are empty meaning they only empty half the trash cans for the entire building.  Their excuse for taking the trash cans out of individual stalls there is a small wall mount trash can in each stall that we can use for trash. \ They call them trash cans but they are not trash cans they are Sanitary Napkin Receptacle.  I for one do not touch that Sanitary Napkin receptacle if I have to dispose of something well lets just say there is no trash can in the stall.  I am appalled they would expect me to touch that Sanitary Napkin Receptacle that has blood in it, No! Never! And all because they are too lazy to empty 3 more trash cans.  And I know that is the reason because half the time they will not change our trash liners in the cans in our individual cubicles.  Many times the bag would be so dirty I would have to tie the bag to get them to change it.  You ask!
Very satisfied with the building and the workplace that I have.
The NCC building needs a shower facility for employees.  Participating in the agency's Commit to Be Fit program would be more appealing if showers were available to employees.
In general I am extremely satisfied with the condition of the building where I work, except for the plumbing in the restrooms.  The water pressure is set too low and I get it they are trying to conserve water, but I feel they end up wasting more water in the long run since the toilet have to be flushed 4 to 6 times to get waste to go down.  The restrooms end up looking unclean since human waste is often left in the toilets, not counting one employee that we have who makes a mess all the way up to the rim when she uses it.  I feel that if they turned up the water pressure so the toilet would flush that it will result in saving more water then what they do right now, because I am one who will flush it 5 or 6 times to get the stuff to go down, since I like a restroom to look clean and sanitary.  The water is not wasted in my opinion when it comes to health issues.
Someone mentioned that it could be a good idea to put reflective tint on the windows so we can look out and not from the outside in. Especially in the break/lunch room. We have blinds that you just open up and down or tilt to let the light in.
There is a need to vacuum at least once a week.  Sometimes several weeks go by without any vacuuming of the space - - not a clean situation.\\Restrooms are also not always the cleanest - - most likely due to the number of people using them at any given time.
taller sides to cubes to help knock down sound would help
Concerned about the Mold. It is really bad and is all over the building. Concerned about the roofing panels that get water damage and never get replaced. Concerned about the Men's bathroom on the second floor that hasn't been fixed in over two years. Concerned about the Cafeteria's water damage that is all over the Ceilings and around the sinks.
When the building was remodeled, a decision was made NOT to include the bathrooms.  The floors are gross, and there is no running water for the urinals.  In general, they are disgusting.
HVAC is a continual issue at the building.  There has been a significant delay in replacement of one AC unit, outside the 2nd floor storage room.
Air is VERY inconsistent. I am always cold in this office. I wear sweaters and heavy clothes every single day of the year, even when it is blistering hot outside. The thermostat does not seem accurate. Certain employees "mess" with the thermostat often--one or 2 will say they are hot and turn the AC on. Most of the other employees are already cold and don't want the AC on. Management has been made aware of this, but nothing has been done and the same 1-2 employees continue this practice. Those of use (at least 5) that are always cold just "lose out" and are told to "dress warmer." The thermostat will generally read around 70-72 (which is the temp I keep my own home at) and I feel cold all the time. I think the thermostat is incorrect, or the HVAC system can't keep up or kick in when it should.\The HVAC is also VERY loud as the vent is right near the FEI's and many customers complain that they cannot hear well during their interview because of the HVAC noise. \Additionally, I think there is an airflow issue, because there is often a lot of dust in the building. I cough and sneeze at the office quite often, and don't seem to notice any issues with this outside of the office. It feels stuffy/dirty sometimes and then I notice the sneezing/coughing more. \The cleaning person is not consistent. She only comes about 2 sometimes 3 days a week. She doesn't dust on or around desk so there are dust bunnies often. I often dust my own area and some common areas when I notice I'm sneezing or coughing more than usual, and I always find dust bunnies on these instances. \The guards are usually kind & respectful, but when the "chief" comes he will distract and talk to the posted guard, sometimes for a long time. They will spend a lot of time in the break room and the lobby is without a guard during that time. Guards have also not always reacted as quick as I would expect when there is a rowdy client. We have a rotation of guards here. One is very good and I've never noticed a single issue with him. The others are mainly who I'm referring to. \The landlord has been slow at correcting issues that have been pointed out to her. The "yard light" in the parking lot was out for several weeks in the winter even though she had been notified. It was dark most mornings and evenings when I'd arrive/leave for work because of the "winter darkness", so the light being out in the parking lot was a big issue for me. The landlord has been made aware on several occasions of the lack of cleaning service but she continues to pay/keep the person I referred to earlier.
There are 3 elevators in this building.  The wait time to get on the elevator can be lengthy (and not only during the rush times (beginning/ending of the day and lunch time). The elevator floor on occasion doesn't line up with the main floors when the elevator door opens. This issue has been previously address and repaired, however, it still happens.
Building management is extremely attentive to our needs.  Office space is accommodating and provides for a positive work experience.
The personal work spaces are claustrophobic, noisy, no privacy.  The meeting room spaces are shaped like triangles making it impossible to have a productive meeting.  The meeting spaces are equipped with technology to have productive meetings.  The whole setup here is NOT productive!
This facility needs more janitorial, maintenance, and grounds keeping staff.  The current staff are hardworking but understaffed.
Cleanliness of restrooms is not the fault of housekeeping staff - they do a wonderful job.  The problem, I believe is the cleaner they use - it leave the bathroom floors sticky and strips them of the seal - the floors become filthy for months then are resealed and the process starts again.
Our building is old and needs renovation.\It's a shame that we have to wash dishes in the restroom sink.\On another note, thanks for taking care of the geese!
Overall it's a decent place to work, but it was not originally design to be a clinic, for example the hallway is too small to properly accommodate a wheelchair; is a tight for 2 people to pass by. Also we have a chronic history with our heating/cooling system.
Nothing comes to mind at the moment.
Sometimes the temperature in the building gets very cold in certain areas.
xyz
I also spend time in the Control tower as part of my shifts. They tower is needs to be cleaned better, dusted and vacuumed more frequently, and the carpet should probably be replaced. \\Besides the actually tower cab, there is no running water yet on the office level in our secured area. We were in the process of getting a kitchen for Tech Ops, and Air Traffic Controllers to jointly use, but that construction has been on again off again, for the better part of 13 months. We were told it would be completed by Fall 2017, and it is now the Summer of 2018. \\There is currently construction being done to the outside of the building, and cracks have formed in some of the rooms from the jack hammering. This seems like it could become a safety concern.
the cleaning crew has a lot of turnover and everytime they turnover, there are duties that fail to carry over ... such as vaccumming and cleaning the break areas, refilling paper towels, toilet paper and hand sanitizer
Issue # 1:  I work in RM 419, a multi-station work space. The light directly over my cubicle is connected to all the other ceiling lights, but always remains on whether we turn the room lights off manually or when the automatic dimmer switch turns them off. Maintenance personnel have looked at the problem before while doing other ceiling work and asserted that there is no problem.  They need to check it again.  The light is always the only one on in the morning when the first person comes in.\\Issue#2: Recycling.   We separate paper and trash.  Sometimes the custodians keep them separate, other times they throw them all in the same collection bin. We have been told that they later separate it again before pick up, but I find that implausible.  If true, there is no issue, but if not, we would like to comply with recycling requirements.
Someone threw up on the floor, and it stayed there for three days even though cleaning staff was made aware of the issue.
None
The lack of mens toilets in the building is a real problem.  This is a constant issue and no action has been taken.  This survey is useless if you don't take actions to the results.
The office is too small and needs to be expanded.
Office temperature: Office space and server room share one air conditioning unit and is controlled by the temperature of the server room, which makes the office space extremely cold.
we have had a issue with the floors getting vacuumed on the 3rd floor.  We have also had issues with our trash being picked up on the 6th floor.  There are times the cleaning folks come by but will not come in to get the trash from our trashcans in our office.
Would appreciate if the kitchen/break room were cleaned more often
This building provides the space required for a HQ of a federal agency.  This agency is now being forced to relocate at the expense of this agency, when it will cost us over $2 million to renovate the new building, which is not equipped with the offices space, layout, network, and quality of public areas necessary to perform our job.  The existing building meets 95% of all of the HQ needs.  It is apparent that a cost benefit to relocate this agency did not consider the sizeable renovation cost associated with this directed move.  Highly recommend cost benefit analysis go deeper than what is being considered at this time.
I wish I had access to more sunlight instead of rely on florescent bulbs everyday all day. \The building feels cold year-round; I keep blankets and sweaters nearby.\The water pressure in the bathrooms are inconsistent. We have faucets that are tuned well and faucets that have high water pressure, which causes excessive spraying onto one's pants when washing hands.\The cubicles are incompatible in a contemporary work environments that encourages teamwork and communication. I feel like I'm in a carpeted box of beige, brown, and grey.\The walls of the West High Rise buildings are institutional white. I wish we have more choices in color for hallways walls like in the Robert M. Ball building.
As addressed in previous years, having at least one federal officer on duty here at the Joliet CBOC would greatly be appreciated in making us feel safe and secure.
The short cubicle walls allow noise to travel, so it is loud, especially if multiple people are talking. However, the short walls do allow more natural light to come in.\\There is no barrier that prevents members of the public from accessing the area with the employee entrance and exit. This area is also on the same level as/near the access to the parking garage, so members of the public could tailgate into the parking garage. GSA has indicated they would add something for multiple years, but nothing has changed.
No one should be forced to work with rodents and cockroaches running around, and the open workspace is a bad idea when management does not support telework.  Open workspaces work when there is telework and the workspaces are only used for "hoteling."
The roof air conditioner system has just been replaced (like yesterday) so I may be more satisfied with the temperature in the near future.  Regarding building security, there is only a set of staircases (side by side) on the south side of the building and two elevators in the middle of the building.  We could be trapped inside if a hazard (fire, bomb, terrorist) hits our building on the south side.  (I work on the 4th floor).  So I really do not see this building as very safe or constructed with security in mind.
A/C does not cool my office area. This is an old building however has a new chiller.  somehow the way the air flows through the downstairs, my office must be at the end of the flow because my office is very uncomfortable.  I've been told if we are cool downstairs, the upstairs employees are freezing.\Guess that's what I have to believe...and sweat!
1. The building needs a day care center. 2. The building needs showers for bicycle commuters. 3. Standing desks are ergonomically supportive and should be offered as an option to all employees. 4. Some of the security guards need to take their jobs more seriously and stay vigilant instead of chatting and gossiping with colleagues. 5. The cafeteria needs more varied seating options. 6. Building mgmt needs to designate more conference room spaces.
There is no access from the upper floors to the parking garage via the stairs because the doors are locked. I think there should be key card readers that allow you to take the stairs should you choose to do so.
There could be more work completed around the area and Police are doing a fine job.
Carpeting in workspace should be cleaned semi-annually.  The carpet is filthy in work spaces..
Good for now but DEFINITELY needs to be moved to new area, the building and grounds are horrendously underpowered and out of date.
This building is disgusting, full of cockroaches, mold, foul odors, questionable stains, and is constantly freezing cold.  Hard to work in this environment!!
na
This office, is several offices with as many desks as possible stuffed into them. and we plan to add more desk, when we are already out of room.
No windows.
I feel that purified drinking water should be provided, or the building should allow for purifiers to be installed in the kitchen.  Bringing in big bottles of water through a water delivery service isn't efficient of good for the environment.  The city tap water is full of chemicals and not healthy.  For those of us who do not drive to work, bringing in enough water each day on the mass transit is just not practical.  It's really not a luxury... its a health necessity.
I conduct telephonic interviews in a VTEL closet. The VTEL is unused. I am assigned six cases a day and have one table maybe 5-foot by 2-foot. On my table is desktop computer, monitor, phone and stamps and office supplies. I keep my personal stuff in an old paper box on the floor, and other files on a conference-room chair I rolled into my office. I keep my snacks on the floor, too, due to lack of space.
The area where I work there’s no common area, no proper ventilation, no cubicles nor appropriate partitions to interview subjects, inadequate ventilation for restrooms.
We are on lease renewals in 6100 until we can move to our new location in approximately 2 years.  The building owners know we are not staying, 60% of the occupants have already left, and those of us left feel the air quality and ventilation have seriously declined and/or are just not being addressed/maintained.  Leaks from the vacant floors above are occurring more and more frequently, ceiling are falling in, and the level of clean-up/remediation is minimal.  Carpets are wet vacuumed and a fan is run for a day or so, but there is no evidence of mold mitigation, in particular between the floors/ceilings.  Fragrances worn by co-workers are causing more issues as air flow decreases.  The building environment is becoming more and more toxic and I may be forced to pursue other work arrangements if there is no hope of improvement until we move in 2 years!
The office is cramped and the noise level is terrible. You can hear all conversations in the room with people using their normal voices.
There have been quite a few people that have been coming down with sicknesses that work with us in our building, we've had 3 incidents of cancer in the last year, and 2 on our team.
Smoke shack in parking lot near my building, smoke odor enters through fire escape door and/or windows.
My area has no locking doors for protection. Anyone could jump the counter and attack us. There is no safety glass or bullet proofing. Vision from both entrances if very limited. We have no safety guards.
Lacks sufficient break room/ lunch area. Lacks space in general for lockers and desk area.
Being in a private building, the common areas are much nicer than most government buildings. However, within our suite, it's clear this is a government operation. Getting new furniture every 40 years or so would not be frivolous spending. More importantly, any maintenance issues have to go from me to F&M, who calls GSA, who calls FMSS, who calls the landlord, who calls a contractor. The process is slow and service seems to be a low priority for everyone involved, most of whom are in another building (city?).
Not enough design went into the setup for proper use of the space. People that do the job should have been consulted
The vehicle gates to the secure employee parking lot directly adjacent to 477 Michigan Avenue are chronically out of order and/or malfunctioning.  The poor performance of these gates causes unnecessary and preventable delays to employees every week.  Further, the poor performance and unreliability of these gates represents a public safety concern as FBI employees have been stuck in the parking lot while attempting to respond to incidents across our area of responsibility.
I have been the RC for four years now and I cannot get the landlord to fix anything hear without a year long fight it seams like.  We need to get the lease done that has been going on for three years now and force the landlord to fix this place up or see if we can get a new building.
In swing space which is not very clean but understand that I will move back to a permanent location once construction is done. Floor consolidation/moving effort is going on at this building.
Noise levels can be distracting.  Cabinets and drawers have lock, but keys are not available.
Building should do more to actively promote bicycle commuting.
It is adequate for my needs.
The building is old and the heat and cooling is somewhat overburdened, considering the amount of heat generating devices (computers, refrigerators, people) that affect the heat load and cooling requirements. The building/my office is often humid and warm. The only consistent way to control the heat and humidity in the summer is to open the outer door to the hallway to increase the circulation. The winters create some very cold days, the heat can be inadequate, surprising since we have such a heat load with all the plugged in devices in the office spaces. The restrooms often back up on the fourth floor, and are closed for maintenance. Perhaps it is because of the age of the piping? A lot is done with the building that is behind the scenes, I would wager. That is why I am somewhat satisfied, because I understand the challenges.
Everything in this survey is very satisfactory
The air quality in the back office is awful.  In the winter we freeze and in the summer we are way to hot, the company in charge of heat/AC says it is due to the system in place not being big enough to support the building.  We also have no fresh air coming in, so there is always a smell and seems to be nothing anyone can do.  It is a shame to have to work in conditions like this.
I think we have a great facility, a little old, but overall excellent condition, except for the elevators.  they need to be completely redone.
heating and cooling is the biggest problem
Cubicles are very noisy, especially new cubes with low partitions.  Conversations in cubicles with higher partitions can be heard in three or more surrounding cubicles.  Conversations in work areas with low partitions can be heard throughout the entire floor.  It is not efficient to book a meeting room when some work issues take only a few minutes of conversation to resolve. Some work conversations may unexpectedly take longer to resolve and when they take place  in the cube/open environment are distracting and disruptive to other workers.  The new work stations are not a good working environment and actually hinder completion of work.
There is no money to fix anything.
The roof has constant leaks. The ceiling insulation must have years of mold growing but is never eradicated. There is serious concern regarding health of all persons, customers and employees.
The center doesn't have the facilities (multiple places to plug in for power) to be able to get a good layout. Walls are paper thin so hearing noise from neighboring offices is a problem.
any smaller our section could not perform they duties.
Important to have an office due to sensitive conversations and ability to speak with employees privately.
Workplace needs security perimeter fence. There is too much access to the public to the external facility.
We need additional parking spaces. We have resorted to parking in fire lane zones and dirt areas that are normally used as a buffer between the parking lot and security fence. Most lanes are one way only because we have outgrown the area. When there are meetings in the building, visitors use the only spaces we have left. Workers POV resort to parking in government vehicles only parking spaces. We have an agent who is has a special van designed for his scooter and there have been times there are not enough handicap spaces available for him. This issue had mentioned several times with zero results.
SA-17 is a great building to work in.  It provides everything that I need to accomplish my work requirements.
4th floor ladies restroom soap dispensers are often empty; you have to try a few different sinks before you get to one with soap.  It has only recently become a problem (within the last year? 6 months or so?).  I heard from another employee that the woman who usually stocks supplies in the restroom said the issue was due to switching from green to clear soap, which makes it harder to tell when dispensers are empty and need refilled.  If that is true, please switch back to green/colored hand soap!\\Remove the huge speed bump at the entrance to the parking garage.  Waaayy too tall.\\Please consider a dedicated employees only entrance to cut down on wait times to enter the building.  Can take a very long time to enter if you get caught behind a large group of visitors who are not familiar with the screening process for entry.
Estimate to fix venetian blinds was $800 which is prohibitive.
Building with poor ventilation, lack of air conditioning and poor working elevators that are down lots of time. Looks like building has not been renovated in years, terrible wall paper and floors. Lots of very large pests. Dirty conditions and not clearly labeled areas that make it very difficult for visitors to get to their location. The fact that this is a mixed used building that combines both inpatient and outpatient services is a hazard to patients that come in for simple services yet are exposed to critically ill patients in the hallway and elevators.
We need better security here.  Anyone can walk in from the street to an inpatient unit for any reason.\\Our bathrooms in SCI in Bldg 38 smell and look terrible most of the time.
I am a RTA and when the RT (Therapist) does an evaluation I have to vacate the office.
People maintaining grounds use noisy equipment too often to mow, clear leaves, cut brush, etc.  My co-workers' conversations and webinars are very distracting.
We don't really like our building here, it's in a bad physical location surrounded by industrial noise and dust, and marijuana grow shops, whose smell dominates the air the outside often.  Most of the workspaces do not have access to natural light, including mine, and that bums me out.  Our door security locks have had issues too, where they would not unlock after entering the code.  Most of the people in the office would like to move to a new building in a better location with a better internal layout.
space does not allow for quality work when you can see and hear others every move
I was not aware that there were any security measures in my building, my workspace was not cleaned prior to me moving into it and it is my understanding that they do not clean these offices regularly.  My office has a very old window unit that is at the top of the window and can only be accessed with a ladder, so I am freezing because I can't change the setting without someone coming with a ladder and then it may get too hot if they increase the temperature. The tunnels are extremely hot in the summer and freezing in the winter.
The new ICE space is well-built and well-maintained. Very convenient location. Cleaning staff does a great job for us. Parking is close and available. Moving into this building from 130 Delaware was a big step up. Thank you, GSA!!
Carpets in lobby and on the 4th floor are stained and in poor repair. The parking rules are not enforced.
Atlanta traffic makes it difficult at times to commute to an office in proximity to downtown or inside the outer beltway.
The field office does not provide adequate work space for all employees.  The Bonneville Hotshot crew with 21 people basically operate out of a conex storage box. There are no employee house options offered at this location.  The number of bathrooms are insufficient for the amount of employees at this location.\I work at the Vernon fire station during the summer months.  I believe this location would benefit from a building to house the fire engines and equipment that are stationed there.   These are very expensive pieces of equipment that are damaged by sitting in the summer sun, more difficult to work on and maintain without overhead protection, and rely on the generosity of other agencies to provide appropriate winter storage facilities.
room temperature is often so cool that patients would be uncomfortable when needing to undress.\the fan is always running in my room.\\suggest changing tables in restrooms to accommodate the families with young children so they do not need to change children's diapers on the floor. \\thanks for now shoveling walk to back lot. it was being forgotten last year.
My biggest concerns are the quality of the water to the kitchenette area (sometimes it is clear and other times it is very yellow), the lack of a consistent temperature (in summer I have to wear sweaters and in the winter I end up wanting to wear summer clothes), and the elevators. There are 4 elevators on my side of the building, but at any time only 1 might be functional. Repairs are underway, but this has been the case for the past 2 years.
Moral is really bad at USP McCreary
THE OFFICE NEEDS VACUUMED AND SHAMPOOED
It's hard to find a desk sometimes that I do not have to reserve.  As the LA team expands, it squeezes everyone else and the desk I've sat in 3x/week for nearly 2 years is almost never available anymore.  I realize I could reserve a desk but it would have been nice to just stay where I was comfortable.  I'd say most people sit in the same desk every day.
The carpet is extremely dirty and coming up in places. There's always bugs crawling around in my office/building.
One side of my workstation has a half-wall with a counter for visitors to come by with their requests.  My workstation does not have a multi-positionable desk for my computer, so I cannot adjust it to different heights for easier access during times when I need to stand for a bit.
work space is somewhat cramped due to poor layout and age of facility.
Nice office space but the building is located in a high crime area. We should not have to compromise our personal safety to come to work!\\Also, the walls and stalls of the bathroom need to be cleaned. The spacing of the stalls makes at least one stall unusable because the door doesn't fit. The temperature in the bathroom is always higher than the hallway and office - bathroom is hot and stuffy.\\The cleaning staff are pleasant and they come on a regular basis but during the work day, the vacuum cleaner noise can be distracting.
The building temperatures are extremely inconsistent between seasons and throughout the day.
THIS BUILDING HAS AN MOSQUITO INFESTATION
Third floor men's restroom requires exhaust fan and odor eliminating sprays. Thanks.
My workspace is a cubicle--which is NOT conducive to employee being able to complete detailed, intricate work. Why? Noise level from all other cubicles makes it impossible to think & complete detailed work, i.e. spreadsheets, writing documents, etc.
Air condition is not effective in my office.  Co-workers and I have brought it up to management but nothing gets done.  You can walk out of the office and be more comfortable in the hall way.
rooms are so small that we cannot accommodate some Vets in all of our rooms, limited ability to do some exams or some exams not at all.  Rooms get so hot the rooms machines are at risk of shutting down.
While the furniture provided is adequate, it would be nice if it were modular so that one can rearrange office as desired or need be in order to accommodate for standing desks or special equipment.
Stand up desks would be much better. Sitting down all day to see patients creates back and neck pain and pain in buttocks.
No privacy when on the phone. Conversations are easily overheard throughout the office. I only use my cell, not my desk phone, and when I make/receive calls I step away and talk in the break room or other unoccupied space.
Our pantry area is not that clean, with plumbing issue and paper supplies are not always stocked.
The sloppiness of the construction and the lack of commercial grade furniture seems so wasteful.  The HVAC is impossible--while it is extremely hot outside, it feels almost 60 degrees inside--so cold, people are feeling ill.  In the winter, it is difficult to get the right amount of heat.  The energy inefficiency is also wasteful and stunning for 2018.  The refusal of the building management to agree to make all entrances accessible is outrageous--same goes with the accessibility of the multi-stall bathrooms.  It took forever for building management to stock enough toilet paper.  It took forever--months--for the building management to have soap in unisex bathrooms.  I brought in my own for months.  The conference room space is significantly impacted because you can't hear people speak over the blowing of the HVAC.  I have a very nice individual office.  The cleaning of my office seems irregular.  The bathrooms are not cleaned regularly or sufficiently.  The lighting is terrible in the bathrooms.  The doors to the unisex bathrooms have not worked properly since we moved in.  They made them accessible but they are they most difficult doors to shut.  We have a colleague in a wheelchair, and he has to struggle to get into the office and to go to the bathroom.  That's outrageous.  Facilities and building management have been notified, and the response is unacceptable.
We use to have high partitions because our work requires us to communicate by phone quiet a bit.  But now with the low partitions we can hear everything that the person is saying in the next cubical.\We are suppose to have rooms that we can go to--to have a conversation with our clients but these rooms have persons using them because just like me.  Your co-workers can hear everything that you say.  There are not enough phone rooms.
Reasons for lower personal office satisfaction ratings:\I would like to have a sit/stand desk, but only fixed standing desks are offered.\I would like to have the ability to make coffee for myself in my office (not a Keurig, those are wasteful and not environmentally sustainable), but this is not allowed.\The light quality in my office is weird - I will be bringing in a floor lamp to make it better.\There is a weird high-pitched noise that is intermittently produced by the white noise system in the ceiling. Multiple attempts to locate/remedy it have been unsuccessful. It's very annoying and distracting.
A new café vendor is needed. When Lou's vacated, the building lost its primary break space. It's just another bland building now.
Shared office space is inadequate for two people to occupy comfortably.
Cleaning crew is hit and miss.  Building is aging.
I appreciate not being able to see others with the higher walls, as there is less distraction and a better sense of security when working on SBU or any materials that simply are need-to-know documents.  However, every sniffle from surrounding people or chatter one can still hear.  USAID is moving to open spaces and that is not my workstyle environment so I will like the space even less when it happens to my Bureau.
This building has violated all disability acts since the first day it was opened. There is NO handicap access doors going outside unless someone is polite and holds the door open. My office does not have a handicap entrance to its main doors yet the office next door does. That is a violation!! There is no ventilation in the unisex bathrooms! The noise level from the service/computer room on the 7th floor is so loud, doors have to be kept closed to be able to work. Then with the door closed, the ventilation in the closed up rooms is terrible. Gets hot very quickly! The lighting is terrible in the rooms without windows. It's either very bright or dark. Would be nice to be able to dim the lights just a bit.
The entrance to the building is very dangerous because of ICE. The persons going to the ICE building have no regard to other persons going about their business and it's only time before there's an accident. They have destroyed the landscape in front of the building and is occupying the parking lot and preventing the occupants of our building from getting to work on time. something needs to be done before an accident occur.
There is a ramp from the back parking lot - used by veterans and employees - which has 2-3 layers of the plywood worn down and it is slick in winter and rain conditions. Nothing has been done in the past year or more to even paint it so that the plywood is less permeable to the weather conditions. I don't understand how it even meets ADA compliance at this point.
Managers need to have an enclosed workspace with a door.
I believe that the AWSS facility personnel should work in the POD and not flex as often as they do so they can see first hand issues that occur.  I believe the pager/delivery system needs to be updated.  I would like to see items such as wall clocks replaced by AWSS and periodic professional cleaning of chairs.
GSA took out offices to build a cube farm. We would have had enough offices to fit everyone, but now is a big open cube farm.
Office was relocated to current address in February 2018; portions of my cubicle were either lost, damaged or not available after the move.  I am on road away from office most of time, and some of my cubicle components were used to complete cubicles for Inspectors using office space more than me; parts were allegedly ordered, but as of 6/20/18 (4 months!) still have uninstalled section of cubicle desk surface and inadequate number of electrical outlets available in my cubicle...
no white noise - can hear everyone's conversations - if on the same call get feedback thru microphones because of the close proximity to others.
Personnel assigned to the upkeep of the common areas have too many buildings to care for and not enough time to do so.  They basically just have time to go around to pick up trash from containers. All areas are dusty and dirty. Same can be said for every building within the Brownsville Port of Entry.
My personal office has no heating or air condition, and little to no ventilation. Building staff have been notified several times. They have stated that there is nothing they can do to fix the problem as repairs would be cost prohibitive. The carpets are disgusting. The air has a moldy smell at all times. Ventilation is very poor and odors persist in the office suite for hours. Windows in the office leak significantly during rainstorms. Maintenance has been notified many times, but do nothing.
We have a well maintained bldg. and I'm thankful for my work space
One suggestion would be to design our workspace in a way that includes privacy. Both customers and I, as an employee, would like more privacy.
I've been here less than 3 months and the Air Conditioning has quit working multiple times in that time period. I think POVs should be able to park within the safety of the compound rather in the public area given the current threat situation against ICE. On 07/02/18 there was a suspicious package left in front of the ICE building over the weekend. Upon review of the incident it was discovered FPS was aware of it before it was officially reported by a TSA employee and took no action.
Again, during the building process, we requested walls for our desks; we were told we would not get them; then, we selected furniture with at least medium height walls, and our Analyst, positioned in our office, was told he would have an office with walls due to the sensitive material he goes over.  The result: we have low cubicle walls, and I can hear my neighbors every movement, or statement, or music in their headphones, and telephone calls, and they actually shout over me, while I'm present, to each other.  Disruptive, inefficient, and preventable.
My cube has plenty of light due to me being by windows. I'm sure there is plenty of dust and mold if the panels since they are so old. And nothing is getting fixed in the building because they know we are leaving.
Access to the parking garage is restricted, which forces staff to take the elevators just a floor or two. This is an inconvenience, slows everyone down, and wastes energy.
Too much vulnerabilities.
I would suggest covered walkways from parking areas to entrances of all buildings on campus and better lighting outside and inside buildings for people who arrive early to work (7:00 am or earlier). All entrances and exits from building should be well lit and equally as safe to enter and/exit as the main entrances. All entry doors should be easily accessible and automatically open. Suggest providing more shaded areas for people to sit and take lunch break outdoors. Currently the tables are dark metal with no shade that get particularly hot during warm/hot weather.
Temperature is inconsistent on warm days with the HVAC system not accommodating for sun hitting the building in the morning and it taking hours to get the temperature down into the mid 70s.
The glass everywhere makes it difficult to concentrate because you can see anybody walking around and hear everything they're saying.
TOOK TWO YEARS TO CORECT THE HEAT ISSUE IN THE BUILDING, NOW AM DEALING WITH THE AIR CONDITIONING. ONE UNIT BREAKS DOWN REGULARY AND LANDLORD KEEPS DOING PATCH JOBS TO IT THAT DO NOT LAST 6/18 IT WAS 79 AT MY DESK SPACE, TODAY IT IS TODAY IT IS STARTING 8:30 AM AT 74 AND WILL PROBABLY CLIMB, I AM TIRED OF SWEATING WHILE I WORK AND EVENTUALLY HAVING TO LEAVE MY OFFICE, MY DDR CALLS IN ISSUES AND I NORMALY HANDLE THIS WAY I WILL NOT BE PUTTING IN TICKETS WHEN 75
not enough electrical outlets and computer outlets to work properly
Everyday, people inadvertently lock themselves out of the building, because they forgot to bring their lincpass when they exited the building. This is a major safety issue that puts employees at risk. This safety issue could be easily addressed by issuing building passes that are separate from the lincpass.
I'm being moved from a 2 person office to a 12 person office with partitions and the desk space is too small for me to work
I am satisfied with the space and lighting in my office, but this particular floor is hard to keep warm or cool and I have walls that are peeling from water damage and age.
The HVAC system brings too much cool/cold air into workspace throughout the year.
The design of the building makes it a very loud place to work, as everything echoes. The fact that the cleaner vacuums into our work spaces during our work hours is extremely distracting and limits our ability to use the telephone or have discussions. The building is stuffy in the morning for hours before the ventilation system/AC turns on. Individual cubicles are not cleaned very well, there is a lot of dust on the items on the desks, and the glass partitions between the cubicles are very dirty. The cleaner does a phenomenal job with the bathrooms and the break room. The parking lot is often very icy during the winter and difficult to walk on.
Small work area, share with other area, too many desks jammed into one small area.
I can every word of every conversation that takes place in the neighboring office. It would have been helpful to have something more than one sheet of drywall between our very small offices.
would like to see a trash container near the entrance, there are some several feet away where smokers stand.  so have to walk over instead of throwing trash before entering bldg
Since there are shared walls between the cubicles, and I have a neighbor who constantly bounces their leg as a habit, it made my computer monitors shake and made me feel extremely nauseous. For a while, I had to ask the neighbor to stop bouncing their leg which was extremely uncomfortable to do, since I had to ask constantly.\\Security personnel should not be on the phones. There was one who was constantly on the phone while registering our car tags.\\I am unable to edit the building address in this survey. There is no "Previous Page" to modify. It should be 45 Center Dr. instead of 4500.
in regards to the buildings bathroom, we need more bathrooms for the amount of workers we have and also the public needs their own bathroom that is easly assecible to them. we share restrooms wiht the public, and two other resturants and hteir patrons/customers, and at times the restrooms get back up, busy or just plain dirty
It's a sweat shop. We are making the best of a State's Meeting room at an EOC.
Individual office space is considerably smaller than previous buildings.  Walls are thin, so voices travel through walls, complicating private conversations.  Absence of windows on the entire floor creates an extremely negative work environment, which has caused significant employee morale problems, and a significant increase in absenteeism.  The 7th floor of the Ronald Reagan Building should not be used for office space.  It could be used for conference rooms, but to ask people to work in a building without natural light is not acceptable, and has a notable impact on employee performance.
Need barriers in interviewing areas to separate employee from the public. This is needed for personal safety. The interviewing windows are wide open to where someone could reach into the interviewing area and harm the interviewer. Plexiglas or bullet-proof glass would be a huge improvement. \\The building custodian takes a wet mop and swipes it over carpeted areas throughout the area where employee workstations are located. The mop heads are always dirty so I do not understand how this is beneficial. She has also been observed using the same paper towel to wipe down window sills, countertops, and chairs in public areas then wipes down parts of the employee workstation countertop spaces (general desk areas).
With the change in telework policy at USDA, many more people are in the office than previously.  This means that it is loud.  There are not enough meeting spaces to get a space for conference calls to have a quiet space to conduct business and provide customer service.  At least 2 elevators in the building have been broken for years.  The build is always really hot or really cold on Mondays.  It is the worst day to be in the office.  I understand the desire to save money when the building is not occupied on the weekend, but there has to be a better way to get the building to temperature so every Monday is not so uncomfortable.
not enough room for 3 people in this space- unable to work in this area- have found additional area to be able to work. not enough desk space and no file cabinet.
Restroom quality is borderline unacceptable. The waterless urinals are constantly getting backed up; Paper towels either shred to pieces as they come out of the dispenser, or come out in wads of 15 or 20 at a time.\DC police and/or Secret Service do not enforce exterior noise regulations. Street musicians play music (both unamplified and amplified) at extremely loud volumes nearly daily for hours at a time.
The restrooms in the Herbert C. Hoover building are disgusting.  Very little effort seems to go into the evening cleaning of the restrooms -- I don't believe there is any soap or other cleaning agent used on the floors, just a dirty mop.  There is no ventilation in most of the restrooms.  The newly renovated restrooms were outfitted with cheap toilet paper and hand towel dispensers that are frequently inoperable.  The toilet paper dispenser in the handicapped stall on my corridor is frequently laying on the floor as it is not firmly fixed to the stall wall.  Offices are only vacuumed every two weeks and dusting is pretty much non-existent.  Overall, a poor job is done when it comes to cleaning in this building.
Parking is an issue at this building.  There are multiple spots that are designated for supervisors that go unused while parking for other employees is unavailable.
Hard to concentrate while in cubical due to lack privacy. Horrible use of space and resources.
For the most part, I'm extremely satisfied with the interior & exterior of our BA building---just not the mice & nat issue. Fix this & I'd say every is perfect.
I am concerned about the lack of a system to lead personnel to safety in the event of an emergency.  The Pentagon has glow in the dark tape at the base of hallway walls, pointing towards the nearest exit, but there is no effort to put this low-cost solution in place at State Department headquarters, which concerns me greatly.  In the event of an emergency involving smoke or low visibility, this simple and low cost solution can save lives.
There is no privacy when on conference calls.
Space is on the schedule to be updated, new owners are in the process of taking over and updating status with GSA.  Looking for adjustments to take place in the near future.
It is difficult to find an available conference room due to the way that they are listed in the directory and or some rooms not listed in the directory
40 staff members in 1 room is way too many!!!
The government is paying an exorbitant price to rent a converted check-cashing building that was never correctly remodeled to allow for individual spaces.  In that I mean, the ventilation ducts have the same size opening for the first office as they do for the last office with no auxiliary fan or coolant.  Obviously, the first office receives much greater cooling (or heat) than the first.  The controlling thermostats are set inside individual offices so, whether locked or not, are affected by the temperature in that office.  Many of the small offices are frequently too cold to work in without a sweater and a blanket.  As for exorbitant price, if rumors are correct, we paid enough in rent to have bought the building in the first five years.
Office walls and door not sound proof. This poses a challenge for me as a supervisor of remotely located staff needing to conduct confidential telephone discussions.
At times, the office is too noisy to concentrate on tasks. An alternate space for specific jobs could help with efficiency. This person would enjoy having a window seat since I am in the office most of the time!
Periodically have sensitive calls and have to leave the office to participate in the call.
Challenging to regulate temperature; moving furniture took an extremely long time and involved a lot of personal input from me.
This building has too many people confined within too small of a (poorly laid out) space.  Stacking multiple BIA Programs into shared floors also generates numerous undesirable issues.
We have open work spaces that are 'first come, first served' although many will sit in the same spot daily but if someone changes their telework schedule, seating is a problem. Also, the noise  level is unbearable so folks wear headphones and that makes it difficult to communicate with them. This is the worst environment I have ever worked in since working for the Federal Government.
The security screening in the basement is improved for employees.  But we have to walk through an old back door past the garbage that often smells poorly.    It would be nice to go in through the regular basement doors and get escorted to the screening area if necessary.  \\Also the center urinal in the 2nd floor south mens room does not always flush and will begin to smell.
NARA Archives 2 employee bathrooms (at least the women's bathrooms) need to be cleaned (including the toilets) at least twice a day. \\More importantly, the sink fixtures need to be replaced. They are hard to turn off and many are always dripping water constantly. I've been at A2 for over a year and I've seen the same fixtures in multiple women's bathrooms with a constant drip.
We may need to do a better job of ensuring the contractors we use are of high caliber and have passed major security measures as well.\\Our buildings are quite old and there are a lot of concerns from staff regarding indoor air quality & mold.  We work for the EPA and I think it's critical to really look at our Edison facilities and ensure they are invested in and updated so staff feel good about coming to work.  Also, our roads desperately need repaving.
Space too small for all the staff we have here and takes way to long to procure more space and the build out process takes years to get new space.  GSA is not quick to respond at all on any issue that I have seen based on toilets over flowing, no paper in bathrooms (both kinds). Floors not clean in restrooms. Soap dispensers no soap sometimes. Maybe should have hand sanitizer in restroom in case soap not available.  I might bring my own in there just so peoples hands are clean when they touch the keypad to get into our space.  Germs can be spread by not cleaning hands. Dept of Justice US Attorneys office 1100 Commerce Street Earle Cabell Building 3rd and 4th floors
Water pressure in bathrooms needs to be increased.\\Elevators - many times elevator doors close but don't go down. Doors don't close when it's windy.\\Security entrance scanner doors stay open too long. Anyone without a card can walk through if the Security Guard's attention is being diverted. Have seen many employees go through open scanner gates without having their card scanned.
The carpet in the hallways and workspaces in need of replacing.  Badly soiled.
Overall, I am very satisfied with the building.  The only issue I have has to do with the 18th floor men's restroom.\\In addition to the lack of toilets, I mentioned restroom cleanliness as an issue.  Although the restroom is generally clean and well-stocked, the two urinals do not flush adequately.  This means that they are practically full of urine all day, everyday.  This matter has been brought to the building management's attention on several occasions over the past few years.  But it has never been appropriately addressed.  Building staff should test these fixtures periodically and maintain and repair them as needed to ensure their proper function.  Instead, building management waits until it receives complaints on the issue to begin repairs.  But its repairs soon fail and the problem repeats.
My office has not been swept or mopped in over a year
Workspace placed in an area previously an aisle so situated right next to windows.  Other employees place plants right next to workstation and stand at windows to look outside right next to entrance to workstation.  People constantly coming in to workstation to alter blinds.  When windows and blinds are cleaned people stand on desk and drop stuff on desk.
Cleaning service is awful.  Vacuuming rarely occurs.  Hallway is rarely mopped.  \\Building is 50+ years old and desperately needs a remodel.  Stairwells are filthy.
The layout is stupid and even though the office is big enough for two or three people to have a meeting, the layout precludes it because it is so long and narrow.
This is an NRCS building from 1973. It is still functional and upgrades and improvements have been made within the building.
Our facility is old and one level.  Fire safety is an issue due to doors location, which is away from our offices.  Should a fire break out in certain areas we would have to bail out of our windows.   Due to medical issues some employees would not be able to do that.
If GSA spent more time on lighting and fixing drinking fountains and less time complaining about abandoned and unplugged microwaves and coffee makes in our space I would be very appreciative.  It seems they seek out issues that don't exist rather than working on issues that do exist.
na
the cubicals are an old style and the open floor concept doesn't work well.  Everyone can hear personal and business phone calls and discussions.
Unhappy with the mandate excluding us from being able to have plants in the clinic. Frequent leaks happen. Sometimes complaints are not validated and some are looked at as 'disgruntled'. Sometimes safety is not considered for all employees within the building.
I hate my work area, I have no office, I am sitting in a cubicle, prior to the building renovation from  2010 - 2016, everyone had offices. The building across the street (5601 Fishers Lane), at least those people have partitions, we have no privacy, just one big open space.  Plus you have to walk a mile just to get to the nearest rest room and I have medical problems with my back. The kitchen/break room areas is not enclosed it is all open space and you can hear everyone and everything and smell unpleasant food odors .  Again the building across the street (5601 Fishers Lane), their kitchen/break room area is enclosed in with glass doors.
There has been many times this year that the weekend cleaning Person does not clean or leaves all of the issues to the week cleaning person of which we as the guides during the weekend have too go get things or stock bathrooms of paper towels or find toilet paper and things are left in a mess first thing Monday morning and cleaning weekly person is flustered trying to clean everything or trying to clean the things left undone by the weekend cleaning person. The contractor is Taylor Enterprises.
Overall, extremely satisfied with building, grounds and workspace.
suggest plastic/solid seat covers over cloth seats and regular heavy duty sanitization of hard surfaces for germs and odors..  I suspect pranking / sabotage is occurring with spray stink that is also causing illness, GI tract issues, I routinely wipe down my hard surface desk to mitigate this, but am not able to clean off stank and germs from the soft cloth seat surface..
Balcony is wasted space. Windows are too large causing the office to be very cold all year
Security for personnel in the office is poor.  The bank on the first floor has been robbed several times and the offices have not been notified so that employees don't walk into the area.  Also, there is only one main entrance into the offices.  If someone were to get into the office the entire office is open.  In case of a fire or other evacuation, the only people with access to more than one exit are the managers.  The compliance officers may not be able to exit safely.  With the current hostility toward government employees, the safety of the compliance officers has not been adequately addressed.  The one entrance/exit that is available has a camera, but it doesn't record and again, once inside the office, there is no way for the staff to exit safely.\Outside the office, in downtown Springfield, we are surrounded by adult entertainment locations, we park the Government Vehicles in a condemned building, and we deal with trash in the roads and on the sidewalks.  Traffic is awful and only going to get worse due to a new casino.  Employees have had pedestrians purposely walk in front of the GOV's, with the pedestrians seeming to want to get hit for the money.\The office is cramped and not well laid out.  I have worked in other OSHA offices where the facility was clean, well laid out, and up to date.  The Springfield Area Office is none of these.  We seem to be left in an office with a bullet hole in the window just as an excuse for political reasons or someone elses convenience.
I have no access to sunlight and I am a GS-14. Not that grade level should matter, everyone should have access to sunlight/natural light in their workspace. SBA fails at creating a healthy work environment for their employees.
No ergonomically appropriate workstation in my office
Dissatisfied with security in parking deck. Cars have been broken into - there are no cameras just an occasional drive through by security personnel.
We have had rats in the building for over a year.
ED security is poor.  18-second delay on emergency egress door is unsafe.  VAPD virtually useless in handling routine psychiatric emergencies.  Lack of door on mental health office violates HIPPAA and provides no security.  No help from locals with these issues.
Cubicle poorly designed to allow good ergonomics and quick typing while protecting data and avoiding glare. Had to manually move a filing cabinet to make the space work adequately.  Not enough light before/after daylight and on very cloudy days. Frequently very, very cold.
Southwestern Power Administration owns the Gore, Okahoma Facility building, it is not leased.
I wish we had a service counter similar to FSA.
I know this building that our agency is in is older then me and I am 52 yrs old. I am not sure what is in the ceiling of this building but what it is can't be healthy. All of us breathing this in everyday isn't right. I can't believe that the previous management staff let this go on and on like it has. There has to be a dead animal in here somewhere being overlooked. I am not the only one that cleans their area up from time to time. The Winnebago Tribal Facilities staff is not consistent when it comes to replacing towels and cleaning the restrooms and I don't think they have had a overall cleaning since I have been here. Sometimes a work ticket will be submitted and never answered. They do a lot of them but definately not all of them. I can't wait to retire from here and I hope I don't die from this place before i am able to.
Red cubicle fabric is dated and has an aggressive underlying color psychology. Other areas in my building have blue or green, which I would love, but I find myself covering all the red because it exhausts my eyes.
I have noticed over the last 2 years that the grass around the building gets extremely high before the lawn service comes to cut it.  Also the run off in the parking area can be very dangerous in the winter months when it snows/rains and then freezes.
My office has had loud HVAC noise for almost 4 years that is very distracting.  I put it on this survey every year and nothing changes. Then, this year, you didn't even include my building in the survey, and my office leadership had to give us a "workaround" to even submit this.  So, effectively, GSA has gone from ignoring employee input to not even accepting it.  What exactly is the point of this survey?
The electrical shop should have a bigger office. our storage areas have diminished.
I would prefer a u-shaped desk
My workstation is shared with another employee on alternating days (one or the other is using it, not simultaneously)
Currently my adjacent colleague is having a conference call meeting but because we sit in a call center environment I can hear his responses as if I am on the call.  Several spaces down I can vaguely hear another conversation being had with a manager and employees.  All sorts of distractions go on during the day which can contribute to distractions from getting work completed accurately.
we should not be in this part of the city
abandoned work left in the office from prior technologies
Too many people in one office.  Space distribution is based upon friendships and not on consistent criteria across campus or even within organizations.  Personal friends and family of FDA/OO leadership have superior offices and office locations regardless of their grade or position.  In addition, joint/shared space is gradually being converted to dedicated space for OO.  Swing space is not available for anyone but OO; however, this space was previously intended as shared/joint space for the entire campus.  Off campus OO space in Rockville is largely empty every day except Wednesday due to work at home policy in OO.  FDA/OO has been given too much power and influence and is not using that power and influence with the integrity that is expected of people in those positions and with that influence.  Unfortunately this comment will likely fall on deaf ears and may result in retribution.  This is sad but is the new normal at FDA.
Carpet is taped with duct tape and plastic covering so people will not trip on loose carpeting.  \\K1 building has covered area with tables for lunch and breaks while K2 building has no such area.   Need same type of area on K2 building.  \\Supervisors should have closed in office space for meetings and one-on-one discussions with employees.
When setting up desk positions the builders should be cognizant of not having employees facing directly at the restrooms doors.
Aside from my occasional temperature issues in my office where it is occasionally too cold in the winter, I don't have too many issues. I've seen that we've cut back on landscaping so there are more weeds in the flower beds & grass, and it doesn't get mowed as often. I understand that you have to save it where you can so no issues here.
The building has a foul odor all the time.
2 things at 1722 I St NW.  I see many days a individual from the 3rd floor who is a purple heart recipient and amputee wheel chair bound Combat Veteran that has to travel to 6th floor to use the VA handicap bathroom.  I've seen him use the 3rd floor bathroom and struggled with the non automatic doors.  Secondly, water fountains need to be updated with the filters water bottle fill option.
I'm about to move to an enclosed office space where I'll be sharing with at least 2 other program assistants. The space is extremely small for 3-full sized desks, 3-people, & filling cabinets. Additionally, we spend a lot of time on the phone & checking patients in for our 3-programs. No one here seems to care about how such a cramped space affects our ability to function or the morale. In fact, I'm looking for a new position because of this. It would have been better to give us cubicles in a medium/large open area.
There is black mold in the airport that comes out of the vents at the checkpoint. Our checkpoint is only vacuumed, we must do all the cleaning ourselves, in both checkpoint and baggage areas. We share a break room with anyone who wants to come inside and the shared space is always dirty.
Dane Dowen, the JSC Building 16 facility manager, and all the support contractors that have worked in our area have done an outstanding job keeping up with facility renovations and repair issues, especially considering the decreasing CM&O budgets.  As budgets are cut, though, and cleaning staff and hours are reduced, offices and common areas are cleaned less frequently and encourage insects and pests to move in.
Parking is extremely difficult to find near the building, and the garage parking is pricey at $90-$100 per month.  Even when paying for parking, the parking spaces are so NARROW...\\There is a lot of empty offices on our floor, and under-utilized work space.  When lease is expired, we should consider moving to Union Station location near the Taxpayer Assistance Office or to the building where Dept. of Labor is located. This assists average employee parking capability, and hopefully a savings on rents.
The building is in good condition.  Parking is an issue with the building management.  Security outside of the building is an issue.  We only have one FPS officer on duty each day.  We need a second officer.  We have had employees have altercations with homeless people outside of the building.\Our space is not as secure as other federal facilities.
Cubicles are sub par and the "new" carpets are coming loose and the floors slant at least one inch in three feet.  Abysmal conditions.
We need someone who can actively clean our workplace area. Allergies are an issue at times, as well as the temperature control in our terminal.
I'm dissatisfied with the level of customer service.  I submitted a work request for one of the wellness rooms at Switzer weeks ago, and I did not receive any sort of response; not even to say such work cannot be completed for whatever reason.  Also, I recommend more frequent vacuuming of the work station floors.
The air quality in the stairwells in a major issue.  I like to take the stairs for exercise and efficiency, but on some days I can taste the dirt and dust in the air.  It clogs my nostrils.  I don't think anyone is cleaning that space at all.
I assessed unsatisfied for bathroom and cleanliness of interior office.  Stalls in the bathroom tend to be left in "poor" conditions and daily cleanings can mean a stall can be in poor condition for large time period of the day.  For interior office, concern is with dust. Interior of offices don't get cleaned, yet cleaning supplies are made available for the occupants to self-clean. I understand cost concerns with complete janitorial cleaning, but we should at least provide supplies for the occupants to clean their work area from dust.
The furniture in small meeting space and common areas were not good selection and they are hard to use. We have to adjust the sofa every time when we have meeting in the small team room. The big box like furniture in the common area is hard to set on. I hope the furniture selection in the future will be more ergonomically designed.   \\Thanks!
My space makes no sense. I have an office next to me that the person talks and it is like they are sitting right next to me, it is very distracting. When they pop gum, which is all the time, it get so frustrated I have to put earphones in to get me work done. \\Why are there so many flies in the building and the offices? \\It is extremely cold all the time.
The low height of the cubicle partitions and the glass panel at the top make for a workplace full of distractions. Conversations are easy to hear from 2 or 3 cubicles away and there seems to be little etiquette relating to keeping one's voice down. The constant noise from other people's conversations diminishes my productivity and leaves me feeling exhausted only partway through the day. This office design is really unfair to introverts.  \\On another note, the bicycle parking at this building is really inadequate. The bike racks are seriously outdated (and overloaded with abandoned locks) and there are too few bike racks. Also, it would be great to add a bike maintenance station, so cyclists can fix a flat or adjust a loose fender. Thanks for listening.
My concern with security is that there seem to be too many officers on duty most of the time.  There appears to be an inordinate amount of standing around and chatting.
I have a personal office which has an open ceiling. I can close my door, but this does not make the office private. Voices and sounds can be heard on either side of the door.
Conversations in adjacent cubicles are distracting and reduce efficiency. The only reason I'm basically satisfied with my workspace is that I have a large window that provides ample natural light.
My office itself is terrific.  The office space in our suite is distributed inefficiently (common spaces that aren't usable, etc.).  Because of space limitations building wide, the personnel of our office are distributed in four suites in different parts of the building.  This is not conducive to collaboration and cohesiveness.
The only thing that I would like to have that doesn't seem to exist here is a restroom where only one person can enter at a time because some of the time one would like a little more privacy.
In the summer, the office is frequently bitter cold, especially in the conference rooms.
This facility is beautiful.  I do think there are design flaws in the fresh air ventilation system/HVAC. Frequently we can smell the smoke from the people who stand outside of the building to smoke cigars/cigarettes during breaks. We have experienced similar issues with the deli.  Occasionally we can smell grease and other cooked food.  While the temperatures (heat and cold) fluctuate throughout the building during every season, we can easily fix that by wearing a light weight sweater or throw.
I am very pleased with the Team in taking care of our Vets Joe and the crew maintain cleanliness and Pierre is superb with security. It is a very good environment to work in.
I would like to have a cafeteria that serves good food,,I would like to have a common area that is modern,has a sofa or lounge chair and exudes with comfort.  I would like a place that really honors our hard work, that is appealing and clean.A place that employees can not wait to get to.I would like to see just how professional our area can look and feel. The warehouse, the bugs, mice, ants,noise, heat, unattractive meeting spaces (just tables and chairs), old floors, dirty carpets, Building 63 C area is too noisy and a health issue for hearing purposes.  Loud air conditioner system, people are so separated from each other.  We warehouse our employees too much.Can not see out. Just partitions and walls.  This is insane and needs fixing.  Having to badge to go to the bathroom and then badge to get back after having been checked and qualified to be in the area.  security needs upgrading.The main entrance is a throw back to days gone by, no wonder the employees look as if they are going to a picnic and dress like kids with flip flops and open toe shoes.  WE NEED AN OVERHAUL BADLY.
only took 38 yrs to get a decent office
My manager is a great leader Shawn Vincent -
We need more choices for food on other days in the building.  You need to provide Vernors/Ginger Ale in the vending machines.  You need better ventilation systems especially in the bathrooms. They ALWAYS smell. The sewer smells really badly outside of the building and filters into the building. It seems that this is not safe.  At times the outer hallways on the floors have a bad smell. The water in the faucets is often brown. I see someone still hasn't fixed Shalimar's nasty attitude.  She thinks she owns the building and all the people in it.  Somebody needs to check her, quickly....
Parking garage is extremely poorly designed, water puddle, and significant amount of water in the staircase most of the time.
space is inadequate for our department's needs.  Equipment noise prevents ability to hear the person next to you. Everyone in my department complains of sneezing, runny noses, itchy red eyes, etc.flooring is old carpeting that holds pill dust and ?
My office needs more storage, much of what I have is not useable.
Baggage must be personally handled too often for an automated system due to machine and belt system faults.
The GWCC building is LONG OVERDUE for a new contractor for the dining facility. The food is horrible and overpriced. Donald is rude and makes up prices, policies and procedures whenever he feels like it. We are tired of this current contractor. They don't even use all of the stations. Most people dine elsewhere. PLEASE HIRE A NEW CONTRACTOR for our dining facility. It's upsetting that questions regarding that portion of the building aren't even on this survey.
People have to put on noise cancelling headphones to type reports.  There are constant interruptions from coworkers.  You cannot help but overhear every conversation in the office.  Small, individual offices would increase productivity tremendously.
restrooms have open areas in the wall that have not been repaired for years. Disgusting!\Security staff does not appear to be in any shape or trained to respond to anything.
roaches have been seen numerous times in the work place. It is also extremely cold at times in the building.
Though we have OSGet Services to request repairs and other services, it is often difficult to get an actual resolution. Just this week I requested service to our heating system, the baseboard heat was left on and is fighting our air conditioning, only for it to be closed without any results ("Temperature was adjusted by DL O&M staff", but the baseboard heaters are still at 95deg or higher in areas).\\I believe most people are discouraged from seeking repairs and improvements because of the negative results we often end up with. People don't even want to request replacement of a broken seat because they fear getting something worse. Even when upper management has been trying to get the bathrooms serviced they have had to fight for results (we still have many sinks with non-functional faucets and can't seem to get reliable cleaning service from our contractors).\\This is enough of a frustration, but there are also issues that directly impact employee safety. Mainly the parking lot and entrances when it comes to snow or heavy rain. We continue to have slips and falls where the small bit of carpeting ends and transitions to slick tile near our entrance portals, the carpet is not long enough or absorbent enough to deal with the amount of foot traffic. Snow removal has been an issue on multiple occasions this year too. We have shifts that start at 6am, but we are lucky if half of the parking lot has been cleared by that time. Sidewalk clearing seems to be left until after the first shift arrives, and is rarely sufficient. There is no reason why our personal safety should be compromised if we are "open and conducting business as usual".
Building owner and crew are extremely slow in responding to issues. We had toilets out of order for half a year in both men's and women's rooms. We have refrigerated space that is not being properly maintained and now needs repair and is not being repaired. In-house, we are supposed to contact our USGS Building rep and that person is too busy to be bothered or promises to have our concerns looked at then doesn't follow through. It's a bit confusing to figure out whom to contact and a bit frustrating when neither party responds in a timely fashion (if at all).
Public being allowed to enter from the employee entrance and utilize sane elevators initially only used by employees has been a complete disaster and not to mention a safety issue for those who work on floors for agencies that are now being targeted by the public. Poor and reckless  judgement when this decision was made and executed.
Head phones should be provided for privacy and comfort since we are all so close to eachother
The somewhat satisfied are based on the building areas that has not been remodeled.  There are still bathrooms with no ventilation and sometime the doors should be propped open for air flow.  In addition, some of the toilette supplies does not work like the paper towel dispensers are difficult to get paper towels.  Positive comment is that the refrigerators cleaning schedule has been WONDERFUL.  The current process has worked out so great.  The Fridge stays clean now if we could have that done for the microwaves that would be wonderful
break rooms closer to where we work would be great
Everyone has conference calls and can be difficult to hear on the phone.
It is $15 a day to park.  A monthly parking pass is well over $200.  With all of the office space in central and northern New Jersey that would include its own free parking I do not understand why this office was chosen.  Give us a break and find a less expensive location for those of us that have no choice but to drive to work!
I love how clean the building is. My room could be vacuumed a little more often because I am a little bit of a slob and my area has an old carpet that attracts lint. However, the trash is almost always emptied before the end of the day, the bathrooms are always clean and I feel the housekeeping crew is doing a great job considering the age and condition of the building. The grounds, while not 'pretty' is nice and I never see trash or cigarette butts around. I feel safe walking around at lunch time. Security folks are pleasant and the other day one of them helped me find a place to park (even moved his vehicle to make space for me)! I have only been at the VA for a few months, but it is awesome so far.
the employees restrooms are way  the other side of the building.
The 4 workstation design in the Fisher building has several flaws.  The HVAC system in the back workstation against the wall does not provide air flow to the front workstations, since we are not allowed to use fans, it either gets cold or too hot and uncomfortable to work.   The whiteboard cabinets do not clean well. There is not enough work space.   The glass partitions serve no purpose and allow for too many interruptions with people walking by.
My workstation cannot be adjusted to work standing, so I end up sitting for long hours which makes my legs hurt. My job requires a lot of monitors, and I do not have enough space to put all of them. The cubicle is small to where it's hard having co-workers over to talk. Because of the proximity of others, I can usually hear everyone's conversation, and I can sometimes hear conversations from far away in the building. The office is dusty, and we used to have someone come and dust occasionally but that stopped. The vacuuming and trash pickup is adequate. The restrooms have gotten a little more dirty as of late, and sometimes we run out of toilet paper/paper towels. There are a lot of times that we've run out of paper towels in the common areas. Because the building is close to fields, we often have mice or wasps/other pests in the building.  However, maintenance is really responsive to come out and help out with pests. Recently, we were told not to use the water fountains because it tested positive for high levels of copper. I purchased a water filter because I wasn't sure if it was safe to drink from the water fountains. Maintenance does do a very good job of trying to help alleviate and solve these problems, and so does the cleaning crew. It just doesn't seem to stop because of where the building is located and the age of the building. Overall, everything is adequate but it could be better.
Shades do not properly lower as needed. Amount of ventilation on weekends is sometimes inadequate even though many of us work long hours on weekends.
The building inside is very dirty. The plumbing in the building seems to be a huge issue along with the temperatures inside the building. It seems like plumbing doesn't work correctly and neither did the heating in the winter.
The soap in the dispenser in the bathroom is diluted and it doesn't clean your hands and the toilet paper is very cheap, it falls apart with you pull it off the rolls. The bathroom have signs telling us which way to flush the toilet, if we pee pull the lever up and if we poop push the lever down to save water, that is crazy.
The hiss generators in the ceilings are obnoxious.  They probably harm employees' high-frequency hearing.  Grr.  They make it harder to hear conversations in the larger conference rooms.\\The ceiling lights are glaring.  In a conference room, the glaring lights make it harder to see the screen.  The lights lacking diffusers are ridiculously glaring.  There should be a separate switch for the front bank of long lights, so they can be turned off when the computer projector is used.  (I am not referring to the mostly-useless can lights directly above the screen.)  There should be grids to direct light downward so you don't see the glaring lights when you are trying to see the screen from the back of the room.  \\The concept of gray screens is outdated marketing nonsense; gray screens do nothing useful, but they do require a brighter projector.  Retro-reflective screens send much of the light directly back toward the projector lens, making the image dimmer when viewed from the side.  Retro-reflective screens also make the image fuzzier.  The best thing for a bright, sharp projected image is a wall painted flat white.  No retro-reflective paint.  No outlets, no computer monitors or TV screens, just a flat (not glossy) white wall.   In a big room, a couple of relatively small computer monitors/TV screens are not as good as a big image. \\It took a few years to get ceiling-mounted computer projectors here.  I gather that GSA really interfered with progress, while trying to be efficient.  Getting remote access for employees outside the building is problematic.  The remote access equipment seems overly complicated and overly controlled here, in part because people don't understand it.  \\My cubicle came with counters having curved fronts, which make the counters shallow (front to back).  I don't recall having the option to request counters with straight fronts before we moved into this building.  Such an option would have been helpful.  It would be nice to have some simple way of holding computer cables above the counter.  I wish we had had the option to order frosted windows in our cubicles.  Otherwise, my 8x8 cubicle with a sliding door is not bad.  \\The HVAC vent puts an irritating draft, usually cold, on my head.  I guess that part of the problem is the desire of some people to keep the blinds open, even when the sun is beating in.  I think that we should receive repeated strong encouragements and posters asking us to save energy by lowering and partly or completely closing the blinds when a lot of energy is needed for heating or cooling.\\Thanks for having a survey.
The security is too much (far exceeds many other federal departments) and security personnel do not understand the rules. For example, if I pass my food through a metal detector, why does security also need to feel my food to make sure it does not contain weapons? And why are security officers allowed to grab your pocketbook/purse and search through it with their hands if the Xray machines show an object that they do not know what it is? Once a security guard did this for a small watch head in my purse that was minus the strap -- but still obviously it was not a weapon. Why do they have to know what everything in your purse is? I have had other guards also grab my purse and start digging through it. I am treated like a criminal for just coming to work.
none
It's a great place to work.
we have 4 technicians in a very small office space. No room to move around. no storage and very old furniture that was repurposed after Air Traffic got new furniture. desks are very old and falling apart. Only one printer in the entire building. We spend a lot of time walking back and forth to get copies when updating TI's and printing out reports. The entire building needs updated and repainted. The exterior needs landscaped to remove dead and dying trees, shrubs and weeds. Leaf litter needs cleaned up and beds need mulch.
This office space is horrible. The temperature is either way too cold or it's hot. In the winter it is freezing. In the summer months it's freezing, or too hot.   I have to wear a jacket in my office in the winter and in the summer. Can you imagine not knowing how to dress for work no matter the season. Some days it is stuffy and hot, so I have to take my jacket off, but the next day I need a jacket. I am trying to do my job but can't because it is freezing or it is stuffy and hot! The air quality is not good either. This is the worst office I have ever been in since I began working for SSA. Oh!! and THERE IS NO HEAT IN THE WOMANS BATHROOM. Really!! Are you serious.
The Security Officers are rude. They should treat the employees as customers and not equals.
Noise from adjacent workspaces is a significant problem in my office. While it is mitigated by telework because fewer people are in the office at one time, noise from nearby workspaces is distracting and irritating.
There is no direct way in PP3 for tenants to seek to improve work spaces.  The PP3 lease was initiated under a Central Billing Acct era,  but no steps were taken to determine how tenants could address common area issues once the rent billing was shifted to individual agencies.  No tenant is named on a PP3 OA, just USDA and the office named has no capacity to provide support.  As a result the common area spaces (conference rooms and auditorium are in disrepair.
workspace is too small & cramped - not enough room to be comfortable
Not all employees assigned to my office have keys for the door.  My work is interrupted multiple times a day to let people in.
The building was designed for the BLM in the early 1980s and only had limited updates.  BLM is in the final stages of shifting from BLM lease to GSA lease with a stay in place option for new office lease.  Building ownership has changed slightly and the new Building Owner Rep is much more responsive to BLM contact.  However, he is having difficulty getting a local person through the security check process to be the local.  Building Owner lives 180 miles from Hines. The new lease will have requirements that will correct many of the issues identified above in the survey, but the lease process has been in the works for over two years.
The maintenance is generally pretty good.  Some renovations are needed, ie, carpet/painting, and wifi connection in a rural area, etc.
The restrooms in this building are in dire need of an upgrading.  It's really embarrassing to have outside visitors have to use these facilities, much less those of us who work here.  I went into one restroom where someone had taped up pieces of a cardboard box to cover a gap in the stall partitions.  It's ridiculous and demoralizing.
I do not see any sunlight or outside at all throughout my workday.
I believe our work area needs a makeover regarding color schemes, cubicles and flooring.
Open work space can be loud at times, which is hard for focus issues. Also with lack of meeting space areas in the building, more people choose to have work related conversations and phone calls at their desks, a possible solution would be to incorporate more meeting space areas.
Part of the building, many on this floor, have new style desks, partitions, etc. We DON'T!
Security system is extremely outdated, secure doors constantly alarm during adverse weather and do not shut properly during the extreme cold months causing alarms. Entryways need to be secured to allow visitors to enter the building out of the rain or snow yet still remain in a controlled area. Pin pads are continually needing new key pads due to weather exposure and direct sunlight. No controlled space in the reception area. Temperature is never consistent and most employees have space heaters under their desks. Bathrooms, especially the women's bathroom, smells of sewage and are always masked by air fresheners - plumbing and drainage issues.
locker rooms smell moldy and broken lighting has not been replaced
The building engineer has had problems with both the heating and air conditioning components of the building in the last year. Repairs seem to be "quick fixes" and only recently the engineers have purchased a new A/C system (we are told). IRS communication has been very good regarding the building maintenance. The building is generally well maintained and the building aesthetics are very good. The building is in a nice area and is convenient to Taxpayers. One problem is the building temperatures coming in on a Monday are too cold or too hot after a weekend of being shut down.
I very much appreciate the ability to close my door for control of my sound environment. I could get by with less space but prefer having a closing door
I am overall satisfied with my workspace with exception of: 1) my room temperature. The AC will blasts cold air even though the thermometer in my office says 73 degrees. Also sometimes the thermostat will say 73 degrees and it feels colder. I've even asked a couple of people in the office building about my office temperature and they agreed with me saying that my office was colder. I also compared my office with another office that has a thermostat reading 73 degrees and my room was noticeably colder. I've sent emails concerning my issue and I was told to close the blinds and/or adapt (I now wear a blazer all the time but I am still cold). However, I noticed that it doesn't matter if the blinds are closed and no sun is entering my office. It will still feel cold at times in my office  I've been working in this facility for 3 years and in my new office since January 2018. I only started to complaining about office room temperature in March/April 2018. 2) Also, we've had a couple of power outages that disrupted our work. 3) And the elevators in the parking structure seem to always in repair. Thank you
FPS does not keep protesters off the property they allow them on the building's sidewalk and parking lot.  The contract guards do a great job at screening individuals and contacting us if there is an issue.
We have desks that are too high, monitors that are too low and no way to fix it to be ergonomically correct.  Also we were denied a sit to stand because it was requested for a check in desk, I guess our physical health and comfort for 8+ hours a day is not as important as customer service. The door to our waiting room goes into the waiting room causing traffic jams where there are multiple wheelchairs/scooters/walkers.  We have also been denied a request to turn the door around so it goes into the clinic instead of the waiting area.  The problem is I see patients/families getting hit with our door everyday.  I guess Interior Design doesn't care about patient safety either.
The cubicle is too small, desk chair is subpar, and the lighting quality is really poor.
The VA hospital at Indian School has a lot of work to be done on maintaining cleaning of offices and bathrooms.  Much of the time bathrooms run out of toilet paper and paper towels the areas are not cleaned but once a day at best.  For my office in particular the office is cleaned if we complain about it otherwise the floors do not get mopped at all and trash is taken out once a day some of the time. The construction on bathrooms here have been going on for months on end and I know for a fact to redo a bathroom takes only 2 months tops that is at a slow pace.
We are having trouble getting water deliveries to our kitchen such that it runs out because the water delivery people are intimidated by the security measures.\\Let us use a water filter system and this issue goes away.
My main complaints are with the building in B-18 especially after 3:00 p.m. getting colder and colder on the processing floor and Front Desk Area, I have to lock the tank doors when no one is in them because it gets to cold. I have had to use several days of sick leave because of continually getting sick.  I've complained to management on several occasions with no satisfaction.
The furniture does not fit the space and is very old.  It does not fit together properly and causes me to sit at an odd angle.  Basically we should have updated sit-stand table desks to be able to do our jobs like the rest of the working world.  We have been asking for years and keep being told they are coming but they never do.  It is ridiculous.  Most of us have back, neck, knee, shoulder or hip problems of some sort that are either caused by or aggravated by this.
Problems with mice, rats, roaches. Leaking bathrooms. Very dirty and roaches in bathrooms. Unhygienic conditions. No small kitchen spaces so bathroom sinks are always clogged. Rats in work area. And elevator problems.
the office spaces I am in belongs to a different department. and they disregard the needs for most of what the employees from my department.
Please plant more trees on the building's grounds.
The secured entrance door to the work area is glass which lessens the security of the work area.  A solid door should be installed such as a solid wood or metal door.  A camera or monitor should be installed at the door so that a person inside the work area can view who is on the other side of the door without opening the door.  Thank you!
The warehouse at the flagstaff ranger station houses 3 wildfire engine companies, 1 wildfire hand crew, 5 fire prevention folks, the recreation and trails program for one of the busiest recreation program in the southwest, storage for the rest of the district function, a metal shop, a wood shop and a large fire support cache.  the allocated space is completely ineffective, there are 2 bathrooms for up to 100 employee working the in the summer.  the building is mostly un insulated, and not air conditioned which gets extremely hot in the Arizona summers.  it is more reminiscent of forced labor camp work area than any professional building.  It has been pieced together over many years and is most likely no where near accepted building code.  there has been a history of black mold, fire code violations, electrically system failures and shoddy repair work. I am dissatisfied with almost every aspect of the building and fear for my personal health and safety while working here.
The location of power outlets restricts / limits the position of my desk and office equipment.
It’s loud, dirty and disruptive to work in the office. Even supervisors fail to use their inside voice an some don’t even try...\IT stuff doesn’t always work and is not good quality.
Most staff are in cubicles. There is no separation between us and a sister agency.  There is little privacy other than in the enclosed offices, which is often inconvenient. The agency is talking about reducing the space we have which will further reduce privacy and security.  We need covered areas for vehicles/ATV's. At times, we are forced to use the conference area for privacy.  Remodeling has made heating/cooling difficult to control. Office security consists of posters that provide building restrictions and inform staff they should run, hide, and fight should an active shooter enter. If that happens, we are toast.  At present, there are two individuals banned by DHS from the building for security-related reasons, one who suggested tossing a hand grenade in to see who could survive.
Not enough work space or work surface. Inefficient use of space, which has to do with the managers in charge as well as lack of funds to purchase the right pieces of furniture.
My office serves my needs very well.  To move into an office that is half the size and has no windows will not be tenable in terms of space, privacy, sound-proofing, comfort, and well being.  I would be in such an office all day long and it would be claustrophobic and conducive of bad health and unhappiness.
My main dissatisfaction comes from the noise I hear from adjacent cubicles. Their voices bounce off a full wall (which I am up against) and right into my space. It doesn't seem to matter to these office mates that others nearby have difficulty getting work accomplished with the noise.
Janitorial service has been somewhat lackadaisical in recent years.  Surfaces get dusty.  Trash collection skipped occasionally.\\Other than that, the facility is great.  One-story building, with windows that open, on the outskirts of a small rural town.  Collocation with other federal agencies in the building is convenient and comfortable.
Landlord is slow to respond to routine issues. Temps, doors, lights, rodents and bugs continue to be a problem that landlord only takes in stride. GSA while active in inquiries has done little to aid in repair.
This cubicle provides no buffer to external noise. You can hear every word spoken with people you share adjoining cubicles with. This is very distracting when you are trying to listen to your calls and assist your customers.
On Mondays, the cubicle is very cold and air blasting down from the ceiling. I have requested repeatedly for lights to be replaced that are directly below my overhead cabinets. Still I have only have one out of my three lights that are working.
The space is too small for the number of assigned employees.
Overall very satisfied, with a few exceptions....\\\\Restrooms often get serviced by a member of the opposite gender.  If you are in the restroom when they come to clean, you get rushed out of the restroom.  Can the bathrooms only get serviced by same-gender?\\\\Front elevators in the building always seem to be out of service.  Can they be updated?\\\\In regards to the Recycle Program, we are told to separate items into the 4 different colored bins.  However, we often see that when the custodian empties the bins, everything goes into the same large trash can!  Why are we separating everything in the bins, if they just end up in the same place?!
Monitors set up poorly.  I have to adjust to see them not adjust them for line of vision.  Lots of unused equipment in my office.  Second work station needs to be placed  in my office for training purposes and unused equipment needs to be removed.
Plant makes weird decisions about the HVAC that make this building miserable. For example, turning the AC off or virtually off at night means everything is wet and sticky every morning in summer, and then the AC blasts until not even coats can help you but the excuse is that "we have to dry the building out." Then we run space heaters, and plant complains about the inefficiencies for energy use. Perhaps our use of space heaters so that we can function in the building is not the actual root cause of this problem.
Not enough space in the testing room.  Doesn't allow for family members to comfortably join patient for testing.
Little privacy and sound reduction
There is little to no space for officers and supervisors to store personal items for long term storage and use in either of the B1 and B2 buildings.  The locker rooms are full of employees permanent storage items rather than simple day storage.\\Supervisors have no where to store equipment or reference materials in either location.  Supervisor desks and cabinets are broken and falling apart.
We really could use more trees and shade, especially when going from building to building. I visited JSC and although I like us more on most things, I was extremely jealous of their trees. (And their food options, though the food trucks have helped some... except it's so hot out, and I don't feel like I have enough time to go that far. But at least they exist.)\\I LOOOOVE my office space though. It's the perfect size and shape, and it's near to people but not too much. I can still have my own space and focus. I love my office cube so much.!!
Building is very out dated. We still have old carpets in the building that look like they are from 1970. The carpets smell and are extremely dirty. They do shampoo the carpets but it is not sufficient. The carpets should be removed as this is a healthcare facility and does not meet infection control standards. The bathroom also looks extremely unprofessional the small square tiles are filthy and cleaning does not fix the problem they also need to be taken out. The housekeeping is done daily on our floor but all that is done is garbage taken. Should be more cleaning done like sweeping and dusting and cleaning of sinks and toilets. The air conditioning is broke and is not projected to be fixed before summer is over. Our temperatures in patient care rooms reads 88 this is not okay.
AS AN OFFICER WORKING IN VAROUS AREAS OF THE BUILDING I FIND THE OFFICES TO BE SMALL, OVER CROWDED, DIRTY, DUSTY, POOR USE OF USABLE SPACE.
We have a mouse infestation problem is our building.  The cleaning crew tries very hard to keep our spaces clean but once the mice are in, they are very hard to remove.  Our office occupies a small portion of the 6th deck and over the past 2 months, we have actively caught 11 mice in mouse traps.  The dead mice are reported to building management and they come to dispose of the mouse.  This is extremely concerning to me as it's only a matter of time until someone in our office gets sick from an illness carried by one of these mice.  What's more concerning is that, aside from the mouse traps, it doens't appear that building management is doing anythng about the infestation.  This is not an isolated incident as I know that our building has a mouse problem that extends outside our small section of the 6th deck that extends throughout the building.  Buidling management needs to get serious about this problem and get the mice out of the building!
There is no directory to the various offices within the building.  Visitors typically cannot find the office they are looking for.
Response by GSA personnel to issues is not timely.  A general lack of understanding by GSA personnel that our office space is not open for GSA to access at their leisure.  Overall, the cleaning crew must be reminded to consistently vacuum and ensure supplies in the bathrooms are stocked.  Reminders must be made to GSA personnel about lights out in the parking lots, despite being located in a high-crime area.
The arrangement of the workstation is not conducive for therapy and the room is not large enough to rearrange the furniture.
This office is a dump, nothing gets fixed, the security for the non TAC area is non existent.
The building is old and depressing.  The people responsible for keeping the building clean and secure do a great job, but this building is horrible and desperately needs to be renovated. It is difficult to attract talent with a old outdated building.
Office is very right handed.  I am not but the space layout precluded changing things around I am told
Office space is acceptable but the desk configuration leaves little space to work once the laptop and monitor are factored in.  There is no way to take notes while on a call unless I hold book in my lap or if I choose to use the small amount of desk top space, I cannot see the monitor and write at the same time.
For the past 5 years we have not had heat or ac in the main work area airport check point, we have to clean and empty trash in this area, but have contact with airport to clean this area
The temperature is colder than I would prefer.
Bathroom vents do not clear odors fast enough.  Need higher fresh air flow with HX for energy conservation.  Conference rooms are being destroyed in our complex for huddle rooms.  WE NEED CONFERENCE ROOMS which can be easily accessed (without escorts) by the public (including foreign visitors) for public meetings.  These conference rooms must be fully AV-equipped for connecting computers to AV and the LAN.  They must NOT BE AN EYESORE!!  They must be able to hold 25-40 people.  The current GSA model of low partitions and using Skype for business vice meeting is turning our agency into a noisy call center!!!
Office can get noisy.  No place for confidential phone calls or conversations (walls do a poor job of blocking sound).
Private lactation facility(ies) with electric outlet, chair, and sink is needed; room should be accessible to all working moms in building and those that may not have access to the Kinderplatz facility.
It seems that the office was built up with 20 year left over furniture
EXTREMELY SATISFY
Our spaces are not satisfactory for our staffing levels or our individual office needs.  We have force-installed cubicles into small and awkward rooms.  This has compounded our ventilation and lighting issues and has resulted in management issues related to employee morale about where people sit vs where their coworkers sit, how much space, etc.
Layout of our suite is ridiculous
Currently the surgery team is housed in a temporary trailer with minimal space. No privacy for patient phone calls to discuss pathology results. Not enough space/seating for meetings. Temperature is either far too hot or far too cold. Bathroom is located essentially in the secretary's work space, decreasing her comfort levels and decreasing privacy for using the restrooms.\\Ideally surgery team would be housed within the main hospital area with individual offices for surgeons, one large office with partitions/cubicles for PAs/NPs, and an open meeting area with enough space for people to attend.
This building the walls are very thin, the noise level can be really unbearable while making calls and providing patient care. This can also pose a patient confidentiality issue as well.
Fantastic facility
We do not have enough meeting or training rooms for all of the additional training that keeps getting passed down from National.  I think there should be a building that is dedicated as a teaching area so new employees coming in would get all there training in one place, or know where to go to if there is a class that they need to take.
Enclosed offices should have been designed with their own temperature controls. At night, bright outdoor lights pointed at the building make it difficult to see from the inside if there are people outside the building, and there are some interior lights on 24 hours a day which make it easy for people outside the building to see the interior of the first floor during night hours.
My office gets too hot in the winter when heat running due to having 2 floor heat vents.  I have submitted tickets to correct this issue and it still is not adjusted enough to be comfortable.  One vent would be sufficient.
The office location is not geographically convenient.
FIRST: This survey should include options for Satisfied and Dissatisfied. Since the survey seeks the opinion of participants, it would provide a far more accurate reflection of each situation. \\SECOND:  While I am currently teleworking from home ALL OF MY ANSWERS are based on the FEMA Joint Field Offices I've worked at in the last 12 months, all of which have had serious parking and exterior security concerns, as well as unacceptable restroom conditions and extremely conducive to the spread of illnesses. This is almost always the case with JFOs. Whether it be to property availability or budget concerns, JFOs are frequently stood up in substandard buildings with substandard conditions. Building selections with insufficient parking, reliability of HVAC, restrooms and elevators may save money on the front end (monthly lease) but most likely ends up increasing expenses exponentially on the back end (REPAIRS, busing staff to/from, lost productivity due work conditions and sickness).
Responses were issues for my initial USG residence which have since been resolved by management
Very dusty (too much for allergies), ventilation needed in the suites, space not used efficiently, elevators need update (maybe add music?), add outside furniture on the roof, break rooms need updating BADLY!, more water bottle water fountains in multiple places on every floor (not just C and 1), MORE OUTLETS in the workspace!!!!, desks/cubes/chairs all need updating and replacing (looks and feels horrible), bathrooms need MORE ventilation (smells bad!), and need a really well stocked supply area like GAO.
I wish the carpets were vacuumed on a more regular basis.
1.  Get rid of the advertisement for waste, fraud, and abuse in the lobby, also called the Stella.  Even GSA ought to be able to figure out that putting something called the 3 whores in a Federal building would not be great even if the thing wasn't demoralizing garbage.\2.  Open up the outside ground floor outside space to restaurants.  It's unused now!\3.  If you cannot EVER fix the sidewalk, just pour concrete.  Also, either stop making the temporary sidewalk were water pools or have someone clear the water.\4.  The people that empty trash, etc. are wonderful.\5.  Stop buying paper towels in the restrooms that tear and make messes all over the place.  Recycling is good, if the product works.
Increase the field of monitoring of security cameras in the parking lot.\Fix the staff toilet to have stronger flush force and longer duration to be able to clear the bowl.\add an additional 2x2 florescent light to the exam room
It would be nice to have updated desk space, especially the partitions.
My biggest concern is the air quality issue I mentioned regarding sneezing frequently only when in this building. The next is the loud noise from the drain. Finally, I did not get an opportunity to note that the water dispenser has a large amount of mineral deposit in it that also splatters onto the refrigerator and never gets cleaned off.
Building 67 is a disaster and should be torn down. Instead, GSA wants to waste $50 million dollars on new, smaller cubicles that are lower. 20 years ago, GSA promised that cubicles would solve all the heating and cooling problems. It did not. Now they claim there new design will solve all the problems. I am sure it will not. Is GSAs job just to waste money? GSA makes organizations do ridiculous things just so GSA has something to do and can spend more money. It never helps the clients. But everyone at GSA gets a round of awards and promotions. GSA has outlived its usefulness and should be disbanded. GSA only serves itself. It represents everything that is wrong with government.
It has been brought up on multiple occasions that there is an issuer of workspace in the building. We have been instructed " to go somewhere else in the building or find another spot when work area is too crowded". Employees need a dedicated work space suitable to needs of the mission and task required to complete the job correctly. It is difficult to even access personal information with other employees crowded around you, therefore the noise level to concentrate is also unacceptable.
While there are issues that do get addressed, I do not believe that the MAIN ISSUE MICE INFESTATION is being adequately addressed.  I do not tolerate living with mice, why do I have to tolerate working with them. They are filthy and disgusting, I have found evidence of them in my drawer and had to throw everything out. Every day I come in, having to wipe down my desk because I worry about what has crawled across my desk. This is in a word ---RIDICULOUS. And it seems no one is taking this infestation seriously, over the past 9  -12 months - we've killed nearly a DOZEN. We hadn't had a siting in several months, believing FINALLY they are gone. However a mouse was seen just last week...ugh!
No issues with our workspace. Building management works to keep us comfortable and secure. The survey questions should include something between "somewhat" and "extremely", such as "satisfied" or "fully satisfied."
Open office with thoroughfare, and shared printer behind my desk that gets traffic
Its really an inconvenience to have the cleaning people vacuuming in the morning around 8:30AM.  We have phone calls to make at that time.  Also, why are the bathrooms being cleaned in the middle of the day.  Both of these jobs should be done either early morning, before 7AM or after 5pm.  Thank you.
Contractors for vending machines are not held accountable for equipment that does not work properly.  The vending machine for beverages on the 40th floor has been out of order for quite sometime.  ALMOST A YEAR!!!!  It continues to take money yet you receive no product.  I informed the contractors on the first floor concession store and they have still not fixed the problem.  I have put signs on the machine itself, yet somehow the next day the sign is ALWAYS REMOVED!!
somewhat satisfied = satisfied.
There's only one way in and one way out of our office suite.  That can't be good for our safety and security.  That probably also limits the flow of circulating air in our office space.  \Recommend posting a "Contact..." sign in or near each restroom for one to call if there's a problem in the restroom that requires attention of building management.
my office doesn't have a window and the A/C unit vents hot air into my office.
Need more electrical outlets in offices.  The negative response on the security question is not because I want more security, I want less security requirements for employees.  We've all gone through background checks -- if a particularly agency head is concerned that his employees are dangerous, then that agency can add security measures of its own -- don't burden the rest of us with your individual security concerns.
I have no complaints about my workspace, but I feel that working around rat droppings is dangerous and not taken seriously is wrong.  But Im sure when someone gets sick, then as normal there will be a reactive solution.  The fumes are bad and one elevator working (the norm) through the day for 2 to 3 hundred employees is also bad.  I think what bothers me the most is the suck it up attitude supervisors have with any issues employees might have, particularly in one section (Consumer Response, Stakeholders Services).   Our jobs could be done full time at home, a waste of rent/tax payers money.
The air vent above my desk frequently drops dust onto my desk including pieces of dead bugs.
I am disappointed that we will have to move from this building because of GSA regulations.  This move will have impact on moral in the office and change peoples' commute times.  It will be expensive to move and more expensive to rent a new building.  It is also unlikely we will have offices.  Cubicles are unproductive and unhealthy work environments.  There is not a person now that is dissatisfied with the building we are in.
The office sits above a importer/exporter cargo facility where hundreds of comercial trucks arrive and depart on a daily basis. This is a huge security concern as cargo also sits below the office. There is not Enfough adaquite space for the personnel assigned.
There are only two areas for bikes to be parked. The "front" bike rack doesn't fit my bike unless I can lock it to one of the ends. I rarely see more than two bikes locked there because the bike rack doesn't work for most bikes. The other bike rack is inside a garage where there is no easy access for bikes. In order to get in you either have to weave through a series of (sometimes) half closed doors or try to get around the post meant for cars. Getting out is equally difficult as the post will rise as a bike nears the exit, but comes back down halfway through its rise. I would really appreciate either a better bike rack in the "front" garage or an easier entrance to the other rack. Or both.
Elevators are super slow to move but then the door closes so fast that sometimes we don't have enough time to get in and we have to run and press the elevator button again to reopen the door.\\Wish we had more space for individual offices or just more space between cubicles - we are investigators and we call people all the time and have absolutely no privacy because coworkers can hear our conversations and vice versa.\\Also parking is a nightmare as we don't have readily accessible parking spaces. We have 4 parking cards for 11 investigators and that is not enough as we are always coming and going from working in the field. The building only has two visitor parking spaces for the entire building and we have a difficult time getting employer to come to our office because parking is so unavailable. We do receive public transportation subsidy but it is not practical when we have to meet with employer or employers. We really need the parking situation fixed or move the office from downtown to one of the suburbs where parking is not an issue.
The workstations with higher partitions would cut down on your telephone callers asking did you say something when its the person sitting across from you
The Bed Bug situation has been a problem since November 2017 & ineffective treatments have been applied, which have now lead to a bed bug infestation everywhere! Building owners & management should fumigate the whole building with Vikane, which is a gas, Sulfuryl Fluoride, which replaces the oxygen in order to kill all stages of bed bugs, including the eggs & the gas penetrates all surfaces.  Current treatments are ineffective, as bed bugs continue to pop up and are laying more eggs & hatching. \The owners, due to negligence with ineffective treatments & blaming the SBA employees for the problem, are leaving themselves vulnerable legally, because they REFUSE to use the only 100% proven solution to bed bugs - which is fumigation.  Only licensed operators can do the fumigation & obviously the company contracted with to address the bed bug problem is not a licensed company to use Vikane. Please fix this problem ASAP!  https://vikanefumigant.com/bed-bugs/
I used to have room for a table in my office for small meetings, but I no longer have the space for that.
This building is over 30 years old and it definitely shows the lack of consistent maintenance.  My floor has not had carpeting replaced in over 25 years.  It is simply disgusting!  The walls have not been painted in over 30 years.  Our work stations are filled with dust and mold.  There is a rodent issue along with cockroach issue in this building.  I literally work in a dump!!!!  Nothing is energy efficient.  The blinds are original and most are broken.  No one ever cleans or replaces filters in the blowers of the heating system.  The AC is WAY too cold in the summer and the heat is never warm enough in the cold winter.  This building was built using poor construction by the lowest bidder and it truly shows after 30+ years!  I leave here with headaches and many of us have chronic sinus issues directly related to this building.  The bathroom on the 6th floor is simply disgusting.  Toilets don't flush properly, the sinks are gross, the soap is cheap and strips your hands leaving them red and raw, the paper towels are so thin that I need at least 3 to dry my hands properly.  That is just wasteful.  This bathroom is in severe need of a redo!!!  Again all original 30+ year old stalls, toilets and sinks.  GROSS!  There is no ventilation in the bathroom!  It is like a barnyard!  The common areas have seen their better day.  The cafeteria is terrible especially since the new manager took over.  The little convenience store on the first floor is terrible.
Air quality, temperature and insects are the biggest issues
lighting is harsh on eyes, no windows for natural light.
We need more storage space for files and field tools. There is very limited privacy for discussions with clients.
EMS services are very limited in this bld. They only come Tuesdays and Thursdays. Garbage is removed only a few times a week and the garbage overflows in the bld. most of the time. Vacuuming services do not occur only upon a special request; staff bring in their personal vacuums to clean their office once or twice a year as the floors accumulate so much debris. The ladies bathroom is horrific! it's outdated with moldy and unleveled tiles, there is insufficient ventilation as the smells seep out into the conf. room and other's offices; there is no air flow and it's hard to breath in the space; EMS doesn't sufficiently stock the bathroom and staff are constantly having to call asking for soap, paper towels, and toilet paper. The bathroom is not sufficiently cleaned even on the two days a week that EMS shows up. They empty the overflowing garbage and restock, but they don't clean anything! Special requests have been placed to the EMS supervisors to have the toilet cleaned, the sink, etc. on numerous occasions as of late. Over 20 females use this bathroom daily and staff are concerned about the cleanliness of the bathroom and we have cleaned it ourselves as it's apparent that EMS doesn't want to clean the toilet... As for HVAC, this is an ongoing issue. The 1st floor has many inconsistencies in temp. The AC only works when you set the thermostat to 65 and then it's freezing. Either you are very hot or freezing in the warmer months. Sometimes the AC doesn't even work at all. Also, Staff cover their vents which displaces the flow of the air in other's offices and the facility doesn't enforce the uncovering of vents. As this is an exterior bld. in the winter months, there is a lot of ice in the walk-ways in the road to the parking lot. Sheets of ice most times... The facility needs to pay more attention to buildings where staff is housed in the "exterior grounds".  Furthermore, there is no security measures in these back-buildings. Staff are responsible to lock all three doors to this building daily. DOM residents smoke shack and pavilion lounge is in the front of this building. For safety and security EMS services are very limited in this bld. Garbage is removed only a few times a week and the garbage overflows in the bld. Vacuuming services do not occur only upon a special request; staff bring in their personal vacuums to clean their office once or twice a year as the floors accumulate so much debris. The ladies bathroom is horrific; it's outdated with moldy and un-level tiles, there is insufficient ventilation as the smells seep out into the conf. room and other's offices; EMS doesn't sufficiently stock the bathroom and staff are constantly asking for soap, paper towels, and toilet paper. The bathroom is not sufficiently cleaned even on the two days a week that EMS shows up. They empty the garbage and restock, but they don't clean anything! Special requests have been placed to the EMS supervisors to have the toilet cleaned, the sink, etc. Over 20 females use this bathroom daily and staff are concerned about the cleanliness of the bathroom and we have cleaned it ourselves as it's apparent that EMS doesn't want to clean the toilet... As for HVAC, this is an ongoing issue. The 1st floor has many inconsistencies in temp. The AC only works when you set the thermostat to 65 and then it's freezing. Either you are hot or freezing in the warmer months. Sometimes the AC doesn't work at all. Also, Staff cover their vents which displaces the flow of the air in other's offices.  EMS services are very limited in this bld. Garbage is removed only a few times a week and the garbage overflows in the bld. Vacuuming services do not occur only upon a special request; staff bring in their personal vacuums to clean their office once or twice a year as the floors accumulate so much debris. The ladies bathroom is horrific; it's outdated with moldy and un-level tiles, there is insufficient ventilation as the smells seep out into the conf. room and other's offices; EMS doesn't sufficiently stock the bathroom and staff are constantly asking for soap, paper towels, and toilet paper. The bathroom is not sufficiently cleaned even on the two days a week that EMS shows up. They empty the garbage and restock, but they don't clean anything! Special requests have been placed to the EMS supervisors to have the toilet cleaned, the sink, etc. Over 20 females use this bathroom daily and staff are concerned about the cleanliness of the bathroom and we have cleaned it ourselves as it's apparent that EMS doesn't want to clean the toilet... As for HVAC, this is an ongoing issue. The 1st floor has many inconsistencies in temp. The AC only works when you set the thermostat to 65 and then it's freezing. Either you are hot or freezing in the warmer months. Sometimes the AC doesn't work at all. Also, Staff cover their vents which displaces the flow of the air in other's offices.  In the winter, the walkway/road path to the parking lot is a sheet of ice... As for safety and security, there is none in this bld. despite the DOM smoking shack and covered lounge/pavilion area being right next to this bld. staff are left responsible to lock themselves in after 4:30. Staff are responsible for locking all three bld. doors daily which leaves one or two staff responsible for this daily. The facility really needs to pay better attention and provide improved services to buildings in the "exterior grounds"  of the medical center.
It's old and crowded.  Not much elbow room in the office.  No windows.
They do not turn on AC/heat until building opens which makes it extremely hot/cold the first couple of hours at work.
I don't feel like the maintenance staff does a very good job of keeping the building running smoothly.  When it rains we have leaks.  There's a machine by the doorway to our Operations offices that is supposed to collect the rain water that's leaking into the roof over our office.  You can see through the clear plastic tubes that lead to the machine and the water is black and horrible looking.  An air quality test was performed but no results have been provided.
Bathroom facilities are not enough for the amount of personnel that work here.  Bathroom facilities are always dirty and unsanitary.
Lack of potable water is an issue.  Although we have access to bottled water through NASA, when the water wells, treatment and/or distribution lines fail, staff throughout the facility complex have no water or sewer sometimes for days.
I need my keyboard to come from under the desk. My wrist is starting to hurt from typing up on the desk. My back be hurting.
Storage / special project workspace is not enough.
This is mentioned every single opportunity.  Please consider re-opening the side entrance where IRS is located.  It is too much for those that have difficulty walking especially the elderly.  That is a shame!  Also, in the past, the cafeteria used to be gated when closed, allowing those to smoke on the patio.  Now the complete cafeteria is closed off.  St. Tropez should secure their items behind the moving "fence" and leave the cafeteria common area open.  Their prices are too high, not a variety to choose from.
Air conditioning is good.  In the winter, many offices are not comfortable because they are cold.  Cleaning out the old pipes in the offices does not improve the issue.  Also, the windows facing 14th street have "safetydrape" protective curtains.  These have become very dirty in some offices.  Overall, the building is kept in good condition with hallways clean and effective daily garbage collection, and periodic room vacuuming and dusting.  The green recycling/waste/paper/compost  kiosks around the building are very helpful.
_____\-- Depending on colleagues in the office, people on phone calls, teleconferences, etc. the noise level in the office can sometimes be a little loud & disrupting to work
The cold temp is inhumane every season except summer, average is 60 degrees.  It is worse on Monday, because they decide to turn the heat off over the weekend, and takes 4 hours on Monday to get back up to 60 degrees.  In any private industry the health department could be called and action taken.  But because its federal they do not care.
a closet space for house keeper
We recently moved so the current area is much better that the old space. The cubicles are smaller with less work space. Hopefully this new area will not have the same ventilation issues. I realize that the guards are here for security but some of them need to take a course in customer service. I would not necessarily describe then as rude but some of then act like they are doing you a favor by letting you in the building.
Duer to ongoing increase in staff we need more space than is allocated by TSA property
The water quality in our building is terrible.  The water is consistently brown yet they test it and tell us it is safe to drink.  There is no way I will ever drink that water.  Even the toilets refill with brown water.
Restroom are never cleaned and we went months without soap. Tempatures are wildly inconsistent from office to office. Pests are ever present. Cleaning staff has not run a vacuum in months. Besides the key pads at the doors as the duress alarms that nobody can see from their office there is no security. The common areas are dated. Building is overall dated needed major remodel to be compete with similar offices in the local market, it’s embarrading to have other agencies or stake holders come visit.
This building does not meet up to the standards of this agencies duties.  From size to a/c not working at night and weekends to the "cell" area, where there are no cells to safely detain criminals or sally port to safely transfer prisoners.  just an opinion knowing nothing can be changed
Biggest issues are high temperatures in summer usually (greater than 75 degrees at times) and the pink noise that is constant and distracting at times.  Further, the conversational noise is easy to hear despite the pink noise.....
Elevators very slow to arrive, sometimes not working, and sometimes trap people for long periods of time. Low water pressure. No hot water in some places. Different areas of office area to hot or to cold and may switch at any time and go the other way. Much noise. Blinds do not work properly.
The partitions are too tall and block out natural light from the window.  I sit with my back to the opening so I can't even see who walks by.  The opening is very small.  We would like to reconfigure the work space but our desks have to attach to the very tall partitions so our options are limited.  It's dark in my space due to poor lighting.
The office is extremely cold. Noise and smell carries throughout the building. We are not located on a safe neighborhood.
The fire exits are too far away and not sufficient.  In the event of an emergency, the building would not be able to evacuate.
A lot of my job has to do with speaking to people over the phone about laws, regulations and sensitive information. An absolute must for all law officers is a office with a door for privacy! We currently do not have this and I am sure we are breaking federal laws about people's Personally Identifiable Information.
Please redesign the entry into the building.  Most notably the guard station and security measures in and out of the building.  Horrible, horrible, horrible experiences getting in and out of the building.  The fact that women cannot wear underwire bras is outrageous.
The building is old, and it shows.  It needs a major overhaul in many, many areas.  For example, the cafeteria is old and it looks old, cheap and dingy, and it is dimly lit ... it needs to be modernized with new everything.  Also, the carpeting and paint throughout the building looks like the original from 1967, need I say more.  The garage needs sprucing up too ... the annual garage floor cleaning is nice, but too many eyesore parts and dimly lit.  As previously mentioned, the entire building needs a major overhaul.  As Federal employees, we should be proud of our building, not embarrassed by it.
To much foot traffic to the exit doors and printer locations.  People could go around the cubes but the shortest distance it through my isle.  Management will not address the issue with coworker nor will they support a gate at one end or the other to deter traffic.
There is an incredible amount of unused space (conference rooms) that are not allowed to be used.  I'm forced to use outside agencies to schedule recurring training for personnel because of what appear to be a parochial obsession with denying anyone except GSA to use the spaces, or applying an arbitrary "your request is too far out to schedule" and then indicating at 7:00 AM on the first day the space is supposed to be open to reserve that it is unavailable.  Then the space is empty on the day I needed to use it. Borderline fraud waste and abuse practice.
Spending 40 hours a week with limited space to work on tasks plus the noise and visual distraction is frustrating. The workspace adversely effects me and my colleagues
please verify who you send your surveys to and send only to people who work in leased space.
we operate a number of common area labs
1.  See previous comment about recent installation of standing desks in nearby cubicles, which means sound carries right over the top of the cubicle instead of being muffled by the fabric walls.  \2.  We weren't provided with headsets or anything to use when on computer-based virtual meetings, so when cubicle neighbors are noisy I need to hold my computer speakers up to my ears -- ridiculous.\3.  Other than emptying the trashcan, kitchen cleanliness is all but ignored -- our refrigerator has been heavily soiled for many months.
General problems with roaches throughout the building - particularly in common areas.
The mouse tray is attached and has a flexible arm and it always, moving, not stable making mousing hard to do and far out so hurts shoulder region. Prefer a over the keyboard, mouse deck. My chair is rather uncomfortable and cannot use back support as not workable, otherwise knees hit the arm of the keyboard. Temperature is 66 degrees although registers 70 degrees but unable to control the thermostat and repeated requests to get room warmer do not ever get acted on. When I measure temperature with thermoscan at vents overhead it is 66 degrees.My hands are so cold they hurt.
My cubicle is located along the Front Line Mangers row of offices along with all the other admin staff.  We can overhear ALL conversations, we an watch when people leave early or come in late without Front Line Management addressing the issue, we can overhear conversations that we shouldn't be hearing and the Front Line Management and employees have no regard for your personal space when you work in a cubicle.  They walk in and expect you to drop everything and attend to their needs even if its not work related.  All personal calls can be overheard from other employees when you are trying to work.  I can basically tell you who is arguing with their wife and the reasons almost daily.
earlier in this survey there was question regarding my agency/bureau etc.  I was able to select them initially but they disappeared.  I am not able to select the proper location now.  FSA 6501 Beacon KC, MO
In order of importance:\1. Please stop the guards from looking at their phones while on the job. They don't do a good job of hiding it. Would the person who killed themselves with a gun in our lobby this year have actually succeeded IF THE GUARDS WERE NOT IN THE HABIT OF LOOKING AT THEIR PHONES WHILE ON THE JOB? Gotta fix that, pronto. \\2. Homeless folks congregate on the corners of our property. They are always in the same places.  \\3. Temperature. I've run a heater in my space during the Spring because it is cold in my office. I run a heater in the space during the winter because it is so cold. I run hot water over my hands just to keep my fingers warm. Please make it warmer in the conference center.
I feel the design and layout was not thought out to be very convenient to those who have disabilities. The restrooms are far and few, and are small and do not accommodate large amounts of use. Many times I have gone into the restrooms and there aren't any open stalls or they have out of order signs on the doors. The workstations are shared and the people who you share with are not clean. I feel it is very unsanitary to share with people because if they are sick and still come to work then you could possible catch germs. I also don't like if you have set your desk up a certain way to fit you and how you work, whomever you share with will come and rearrange things which makes it difficult for you to get things back to how you had them. Changing the level of the keyboard, monitor screen, chair, etc. all affect how I do my job daily, and it affects my daily comfort levels, and on top of those who sit there not being very clean. It just a horrible set up.
During summer season, temperature is too hot because A/C system is not running enough.  Other floors are more comfortable than this floor.  During winter season, temperature is sometimes too cold and I have to wear my light jacket.
it is about 64 degrees in my office year round.
Cleaning personnel are great - keep office area and bathrooms as clean as possible. However, as reported in years past and nothing has been done - The New Carrollton Federal building (NCFB) Building B Floor 6 Men's room is unusable after 9:00 am Monday and Friday's when virtually no one is on site and Wednesday's through Thursday no time is safe. The sewer gases are so bad it burns your eyes and almost impossible to breathe. I have resorted in going to another building same floor which does not have same issue. This is definitely a health risk.
The overall noise level- being placed between clerical dock area and CSR's  phone people.  the Noise level is very loud and very distracting.   It is easy to lose focus from the many distractions. \ As far as the cleaning person to empty the garbage can. I have witness the cleaning individual reaching in the garbage with one hand and what they grab in that one hand gets placed in larger can-  Sometimes this results in dropping excess paper clippings, torn pieces etc., onto isle floor.  They leave staples and post it notes in the cubical cans of which I end up dumping the garbage can myself.   I have reported to my manager.  It would be easier/safer for the individual emptying the waste can to simply pick up whole can and turning it over to dump into there larger can.
FIX THE ELEVATORS IN THE HIGH RISE ASAP! Having to wait 5-10 minutes for an elevator is unacceptable given the large number of people that work in this building.  It is also unacceptable to the public that we serve.  I understand that there are several elevators that are awaiting parts to be manufactured, leaving only a few cars in service.  Why wasn't this something anticipated during regular maintenance visits? Pay extra if you have to in order expedite the manufacturing/shipping of the needed parts!\\Temperatures are inconsistent.  Sometimes not warm enough in the winter, and sometimes too cold during the summer.
I work on confidential information and there is no way I can free speak in my workspace.  My position requires me to speak with employee's on a very regular basis.  I do not want an accidental disclosure under the law due to the agency's lack or concern of the situation.  The believe it will never happen, we are all IRS employee's and I can use a conference room.  Due to the increase of workload I need to make calls on my office days which means I would use the conference room all day.  The conference rooms do not give you total privacy but better than a workstation.
open concept design and being collocated with other agency (FSA) is not conducive to a constructive workspace
Over the work space is much better since the remodel.  Wish we didn't have glass at top of partitions which would allow a view out the windows when standing.  Cleaning crew does a good job, though the work space is dusty (just the way it is with carpet and people, paper and heat generated by computers.  Outside seating for lunch would be nice, but there is no space.  Parking isn't always available - even the bike cage gets pretty full.
1. Save water. Would be nice if sinks and water fountains could be reported as leaking or not working by the cleaning staff.  Several just don't work or leak for long periods of time.  \2. Recycle paper.  no paper recycling in the office spaces.  that seems wasteful.\3. Papers to shred.  can we get box pick-up like at 1111 Constitution Ave. (DC) bldg.  Paying someone to stand at a locked bin putting in sheets of paper through a sliced hole seems like a waste of labor and $.  At least offer large dump bins for papers needing shredded.
GSA needs to remodel this building.  It is historic and as such has bumped down the list consistently over the years.  It is infested with vermin; the temperature and noise are not workable; and the way the building spaces are divided do not allow agencies to comply with space limitations.  Our hallways at 10' wide.  All of that space counts against our allotment.  We can't move the walls; so we continue to have to constrict space within existing office breakouts.  It is becoming completely unworkable.
my workstation is in a room with 1 other workspace in a room that houses the tech ops break room. and is a common meeting place for visitors and other technicians for loud conversations
In the summer, the temperature seems go to hot after 5:00. I assume the air conditioners are turned off then though the handlers keep moving the air. \\The little static noise generators make to much noise. Sometimes it is hard to hear other people talk over the static in meetings and such.\\Not real happy about the sidewalk problem and roping off the grass. Should have shopped around and found someone to install a new sidewalk when going in that direction. The excuse and the price you quoted was so ridiculous that it appeared to be a lie.\\Also, the positioning of the electric eyes to light up meeting rooms is incorrectly located since walking by next to the room turns on the lights in the room even though no one is in the room.
The cube materials/partitions and carpet are very old and stained. They also have allergens which makes some of my coworkers chronically sick. It's very embarrassing when contractors and outsiders visit.
The bathroom look clean but occasionally they need the tile floors deep cleaned. Overtime the grout collects body fluids that tend to smell. A good grout cleaning needs to be done 1-2 times per year
Cramped but building expansion is in planning phase.
Everything is great where I am located
I have been her since November and I have yet to see anyone come up and sweep nor mop the floors. The floors are very nasty.  I have to clean around my desk before I start my tour. ( I come early to do this before my tour starts) I am sweeping and using the swifter we have on our floor.  There is so much dust up here. We turned the fans on the other day and all you could see was dust flying everywhere. Soap dispenser in the break room is very nasty hasn't been cleaned. I see the trash being looked at from time to time.
Size is adequate but lighting is marginal early morning, late afternoon (seasonally) or if blinds are closed due to inadequate cooling during summer months.
GSA maintenance staff typically do not tell us when they are coming or what they are doing. The only way to get into my suite is with a key and a lock. One day I came back from lunch to find the lock had been removed from the door entirely, without any warning. Other times, the GSA staff bring people in to tour or look at something in the office space without giving us notice, saying hello, or exhibiting much courtesy. The guys who actually do the work seem nice enough but the management is really off-putting.
Sometimes parking can be a challenge. Many of the spaces seem really tight and sometimes there isn't enough room between cars and the doors being able to open.  I am very satisfied with our work space. But I think that the floor plan could use some re-thinking. But I am sure the cubicles are arrange strangely because of the architecture of the building.
The HAVC system is vey inconsistent and loud. Makes it difficult to talk on the phone and to see patients face to face. The plumbing is also slow. Toilets are difficult to flush takes 3 to 4 times to get something to flush all the way.
The furniture is set up for a business environment and NOT for a clinical application.
The open environment is fine. It would be nice to have desks that move up and down so that standing/sitting is an option.
The internet and cellular connections are terrible or non existent in the building.
Distance to restrooms is not reasonable. Bathrooms must remain locked on our floor due to a presence of homeless men (mostly) and women. We have seen people using the drinking fountains as bathroom facilities.  They recently closed a homeless shelter and relocated further distance from our building.  Parking and walking from the parking facility is no longer safe.  I have been approached several times for money - someone actually pushed themselves to the inside of my car.  We are approached by panhandlers almost daily. The building security is maintaining a more active presence in the building and near the parking structure.  They do not have access to secure the parking structure.
My mission requires multiple monitors and requires a much larger quantity of desktop space than is provided in a 5x8 workstation.
The elevation should be checked/serviced more frequently.  \Office space next door to each other need some type of sound barrier as you can hear conversations that may need to be private or you can hear telephone conversations.
Although it is not a decision based on leasing, there is a tremendous amount of open unoccupied space and we are working in cubicles with nationwide meetings and phone calls daily that are difficult in a cubicle environment.
The interior of this building is filthy!!  I have complained to the site manager on multiple occasions and the issues is not corrected or is corrected for a day then back to being neglected.  Further, we work with a homeless population which carries additional issues such as body fluids, bugs and odors. the furniture in the lobby and our offices are obviously soiled and probably full of bugs and body fluids.  Some of which may carry disease all of which are disgusting! When I have had a person literally defecate in the fabric side chair the chair was removed by cleaning man, moved into an alcove outside the office and moved back later in the day with nothing done to clean or disinfect.  The fake plants are full of bugs.  We don't need these plants.  Further, we need furniture that can be wiped off and are not absorbent.  then we need cleaning crew that empties he trash, wipes down the counters, cleans the feces off the toilets (yep 7am last week feces on the toilet!!) and a week without paper towels in the dispenser. I could go on.  Again, this place is filthy!  On a positive note the outside is clean and well tended.  The groundskeeper will empty the interior trash can when I ask and I cannot find the cleaning man-even when he is paged!
My space is very comfortable and easy to manage. My office works hard to get me anything I need to improve my workspace.
Current office is horrible.  The new office location is horrible.
The high-rise elevators for floors 1-15 are not functioning properly and are extremely inefficient. Many employees are taking the floors 15-24 elevators and walking down the stairs to their floor rather than wait 5 plus minutes for an elevator that will fill too quickly with passengers to get on. Please repair the floors 1-15 elevators.
I work in a mental health clinic and the patient waiting area is far too small to handle the volume of clients we get. It leads to patients feeling uncomfortable and standing out in the hallway. Also, the Environmental Management Specialists do a great job cleaning up our building, but they are way understaffed. We also need better protocols and procedures to manage bedbugs, such as designated clinical care rooms on our floor to allow patients to be seen in separate area, without putting other veterans at risk.
The security force is top notch.
The building is old and in need of air quality attention.  Mold and particulates in the air has contributed to my allergy and asthma issues.  I finally after 3 years was able to get someone in to clean the mold from around the ductwork.  I have yet to get someone to scrub the floor which is disgusting for 10 years.
The building at 500 Gold Ave, SW, Albuquerque, NM is just old and run down.  It's not aesthetically pleasing, we don't have any amenities, much of the furniture is old.  (Although it is nice to have a U.S. Post Office downstairs and a nurse on the 11th floor.)  Conference room space is limited, there is no cafeteria (although GSA has done it's best with what we've got to build a snack area on the 11th floor), and I have no idea how much asbestos we're breathing in.
parking space availability at a reasonable cost is an issue as well as being evicted from the parking space you pay for due to special events
In order to be productive it is essential that I have: (1) a quiet workspace where I can concentrate on detail-oriented work (e.g., carefully reviewing footnotes to legal documents, etc.) and (2) a clear window with direct sunlight (particularly in the winter months when the days are shorter).  A noisy work environment with people talking next door makes it difficult to concentrate and get work done.  A lack of sunlight is unpleasant, disheartening,  inhibits productivity, and disrupts sleep cycles.
Dissatisfied that office has doors to adjacent offices rather than just doors to hallway. There are two issues: (1) people use the office side doors as a corridor between adjacent offices which disturbs the work environment, and (2) it is not a safe design for an active shooter situation because it would require occupants to close and lock 3 doors.
Inpatient Behavioral Health (locked) Unit where we utilize Medication carts to administer medications to veterans, the door spaces are narrow, difficult to maneuver/open creating poor ergonomics. Nurses experiencing shoulder and back strain when we exit and enter the rooms/doors.
our area is not thoroughly cleaned. Our floors are dirty. The tops of the cabinets are never cleaned. The cabinets are broken and people have gotten hurt on them, but our area is put off on remodeling and cabinets are held together with duct tape and screws.
The most negative is the fact there appears to be an intent to move this office from a rather safe quiet location to a down town location which will require security officers to escort employees to and from the building for after hours safety. Reportedly there will be offsite parking which will be a fee parking and at least a 5 minute walk to the office. The current location is very functional and effective with relatively safe free parking. While the current building and landlord are not the best the location is prime. Any move from this location would be met with resistance from most if not all staff.
Cleanliness of the grounds and parking area have vastly improved since the private sector tenant on the 2nd floor has left.  Their employees left fast food trash and cigarette butts all over the parking area on the SW part of the grounds.  Also, the women's restroom on the 2nd floor is relatively clean since they left.  Their people threw paper towel, candy wrappers, etc. all over the ladies room floor\among other things.  However, building janitorial service is minimal and inadequate.  Very little vacuuming is done, especially inside the cubicles.  We also have to scrub the sink in the breakroom ourselves, clean the chairs and tables, and do our own dusting.
Building makes changes in common areas like the shower/workout facilities without asking for input from residents and shows no concern for our needs or our personal property.
Outside, on the north side, near the picnic tables, it would be nice to have trash cans, if not there then by the door entrances.
No comment.
My office has a lot of noise and distractions because we have mid-level cubes that are close together and too many people in the enclosed office space.  I can hear everyone's conversations all day long and people shout across the cubes to talk to each other. I have to wear ear phones all day long to get anything done.  Our jobs require concentration to conduct complex research, analysis and writing and mid-level cubes close together are not conducive to this type of work.  Our work is mostly solitary and not group work and we have no conference room space in our work area to have small group meetings. I have voiced my concerns to multiple levels of leadership and nothing has been done. I have requested a higher cube and been told no for cost reasons, yet other peers in my office have high cubes so I know it is possible.  My management is not acting in my best interests and is not listening to my concerns as they have offices or high cubes and don't share my concerns.
OFFICE IS REALLY JUST PART OF A HIGH WALLED CUBICLE FARM, THUS NOISE IS ALWAYS A FACTOR.
I have two computers to do my work on the unclassified and classified networks.  The room setup requires me to walk around a table to go from one computer to the other one.  Also, the built-in shelves on the wall prevent me from rotating the monitors from horizontal to vertical so that I can see the whole page of a document and still read it.\\Note: the Jack Case Center is not a GSA managed building. Although it is located on the Y-12 Nuclear Security Complex site (DOE owned), the building is owned and managed by Lawler-Wood and leased by NNSA.
I believe we need to have the security till the end of the day at which time all employees must leave. I also believe two officers are needed and screening should be done at the entrance for weapons or other hazardous materials.
My office is always freezing cold along with our conference room 2A316. It has been reported many times to facilities, but the issue has not been rectified as of today's date. It would be nice to sit in my office or the conference room without having to freeze all day long.
We work at NIH - yet we do not care about health or exercise one needs to do; needs a place to workout; carpets are in horrendous condition; decision was made to change carpets for some leaders at NIH but staff were completely ignored and the carpet is bad (old, moldy, etc). There is some very tiny space for common room- which is not suitable for gathering.  The Building management allows construction for non federal entities during prime work hours (e.g 8:30). So there is lot of banging noise, etc.  This needs to stop.  Building does not provide a good water to drink - so we pay out of pocket and subscribe to water delivery.  The water fountain we are told to use is not in good shape- water is often warm.  Each room has large pillars- making the workable space smaller and properly planning can most probably help with this
The gate to the parking area has been broken for years.
We have a constant nasty odor in building two on the staircase near the bathrooms on the north end of the building.  It is ALWAYS there - especially late in the day. \\Security: I think they should have all employee's bags go through a scanner.  Crazy problems are more likely from within than from outsiders.
My current space works well, if I had to be changed to the old code requirement of 120 or 150 sf it would be impossible to accomplish my work and provide an acceptable place for customers and my staff to work with me.
Really appreciate the support of the facility managers.  They immediately address issues when I call them.  And they are friendly about it!  Appreciate the cleaning staff as well.  Friendly and kind!  We all should learn from their positive attitudes!  Thank you for giving us the opportunity to review services.
1.) The survey didn't record that I WAS able to find my building in the selection boxes.\2.) The men's bathroom on the first floor of our building has smelled of urine for several years.  It's a disgrace since many visitors to our building use the very large conference/meeting room immediately adjacent to it.  I once reported it when I hosted a big conference but the problem didn't get fixed.  Apparently, although I thought I knew to whom to report a problem, I didn't report it to those who could fix it.  The process to report and get a problem fixed is broken.  Or no one wants to fix the problem.  Either way, it's a problem that needs fixing.
Way too small of workspace overall and desktop space in particular.  I'd like to have a standup desk, which is available, but I'm afraid it would cut down too much on my working space.\\Concerning temperature, the building is not consistent at all.  At my workstation, the hotter it gets outside in the summer, the colder it is at my desk and likewise the colder it is outside in the winter, the hotter it is at my desk.\\Concerning security, it seems ridiculous that someone with an access card and code can't enter and exit the building without setting off the alarms.  This should be fixable.  The access seems to be a problem all of the time.  It's been 6-8 months since I've been able to enter through the back door of the building.  This needs to be fixed one way or another.  Considering the exits don't work half of the time, maybe a new system is needed that will work. Concerning the access card, mine has been down for several weeks now.  This is affecting my ability to complete my job.  I can't come before the security guard arrives, because I can't open any of the doors.  I can't park my GOV in it's assigned spot because I can't get into the garage.  I can't work past 5 pm or on weekends because, again, I can't enter or reenter the building when the security guard isn't working.
I really enjoy the office. My only suggestions for improvement would be to incorporate more natural light and lessen the noise from the HVAC system. The HVAC turns on dozens of times per day and it is positioned above my cubicle.
Cleanliness is lacking.  Bathrooms are dirty with little water pressure for toilets and faucets.  Vacuuming of offices is rare and dusting non-existent.
The noise and the desk.  conversation is constant, and I have I have to fight the noise 8 hours a day.  Desk: I worked in room 1300 for a couple of years, and found the desk not ergonomic.  They have the ergo looks, but they are not ergonomic.  Then I moved to room 2100 in 2017, after it was refreshed.  They are fantastic desks, and I told my sup that I can work 24/7.  What a difference.  They are very well designed for the worker.  The fatigue at the end of the day in room 2100 is because I work too hard.  But not because the desk is not supportive.  The I moved to room 1300 again.  The desk is very poorly designed.  The difference is the smaller keyboard plate, and the awful rubberized support which contribute to fatigue and bad posture. I always go home exhausted, because of the constant fight with the noise, and this badly designed desk.
Very dissatisfied with the security measures at this building.  It is the responsibility of IRS personnel to police who gets on the elevator and most folks don't feel it is safe to confront someone that may be suspect. It feels like we are waiting for a serious incident to happen before something is done to  secure the site.
The walls are a bit thin.  I can hear nearly every word spoken on either side of me.
I do not feel single pane glass for the reception windows provide adequate protection.  The reception window is large enough for a grown person to climb through easily.  The single shooter drill calls for employees to go into the LAN room which is a straight shot from the reception window and every employees door card opens the door.  There are no metal detectors or wands used by security personnel and the only protection is a question.  Any person that is coming into a building to do hark will probably not answer truthfully when asked if they are carrying a weapon.  The building is equipped with one tilt-pan-zoom camera and one whole side of the building has no security camera on it.  Lighting is parking areas are inconsistent and in winter months employees leave work when it is dark and come into work when it is dark, this makes for an unsafe area for employees.
I have been waiting for almost a year to get the blinds in my office fixed.  The wand to open and close them was installed on the wrong side.  I cannot reach it without standing on my desk which is not safe.  I have requested either a longer wand or the wand being moved to the right side of the blinds.  Neither has been done.
workspace is open. unable to concentrate when on the phone or placing phone orders.
This building does not have secured jail cells to hold detainees.  This put law enforcement staff in constant vicinity of detainees while trying to perform all law enforcement duties.  Also there is not restrooms for detainees.  The office currently has 2 port o potties outside for detainee use.  This creates a higher risk of detainee attempt of escape and put detainees in server weather condition to use restroom when condition exist. This building is not suited for any law enforcement actions!!!
Extremely disappointed with elevator service in that always have to check before getting on and off and they are truly a safety issue.  Also, location of smoking is right outside door of employee entrance and should be moved and not even on federal property.  Also, leak happened this past year and took very long to resolve and made very disruptive to employee when could have put up scaffolding.  Management of building is very slow to respond in general.
The open-space Google model does not work for the work I do, which includes discussion of  confidential information in contracts or protocols.  Although "facilities" was informed several times, the consistent answer has been they cannot do anything to fix the problem.
cube farms are too loud.  Trying to concentrate without some kind of noise machine is difficult, and of course noise machines aren't permitted.
Our building is in near constant need of repair, especially the elevators and exterior gates
We have security doors that don't work and despite being reported are not fixed after nearly a year so rocks are used to allow access. Also, a water quality test was done with a new water fountain and the results shown to the employees.  The results showed the poor quality of the unfiltered water and then the trial system was removed - would have been better not to tell us the water was poor quality than to note it and then remove the one option to clean it.
Some baggage screening areas are dirty i.e. floors. \Fans cause dust to blow around.\large groups of people loiter in groups around the airport, making it difficult to work.\Sometimes elevators will not stop on the desired level.
Bldg 200 here at Sepulveda is a beautiful bldg.   Well designed and very pleasant to work in
We've had lights out in the parking lot for years, continuing HVAC issues, toilets clog too easily, no flush urinals are disgusting. Break area is not supplied with soap/sponges so that we can keep it clean between official cleanings
Your architects need to go back to school and the facilities folks should all be fired. We have ADA violations on conference rooms and there’s no place to hold private conversations with employees.
CARPETS NEED TO BE REPLACED.  THEY HAVE NOT BEEN CLEANED IN 8 years!  UGH!\Restroom floors need attention more than mopping.
Little to no storage space within the work station, nor in our portion of the office building as a whole, including supply and filing space. \\Also, there are multiple instances each month/week when participating in conference calls or webinar sessions that other staff also on conference calls/webinars create noise issues, difficulty in hearing content or providing response without background noise being an issue.  Limited space availability to conduct these in a closed meeting space.
Cubicles located in high traffic locations should NOT have the entrance/opening to said cubicle facing the high traffic or cubicles should be equipped with sliding partition. High traffic areas can be very distracting.
The water fountains are unusable for drinking. I am required to purchase a case of water if I want something to drink. The hot water in the kitchens only last for about 5-10 minutes. So during lunch breaks if you are not the first on to wash your dishes then you may be using cold water. This kitchen/breakroom area is share with officers attending training as well as those of us that is stationed at this location. On some day's if it is hot / humid outside then we tend to have to turn the temperature up a lot  higher then required to get the off at a comfortable level. (I have to run a heater all year round at my desk.)
The office space is poorly planned and it is really noisy after 8 am.
Bathrooms do not have ventilation or any means of circulating fresh air. Ladies toilets must be repeatedly flushed to clear toilet paper and waste. The janitorial service folks are wonderful, conscientious, and work with what they have, which is only surface cleaning and restocking of paper products. As a 'cube farm' (which is insulting by the way), janitorial services comes in to clear trash and surface clean about 3-4 times/week, the carpets are not vacuumed or cleaned on any routine basis. I've been here over year and have NEVER experienced the carpets being vacuumed or cleaned. There is a 'carpet sweeper' that when left out, some of us have used to 'sweep' the carpet in our cube, but this is certainly not optimal. This is not the fault of janitorial personnel, but more the attitude of not considering the option of janitorial/cleaning crews working nights to deep clean every 6 months. We could all lock our belongings or remove them twice a year to have the benefit of working in a clean, freshened space. And please...figure out how to vent a bathroom, especially when there are close to 60 women using a 2-stall, 1-sink bathroom!!! And only about 10 men using the men's room.
Everyone says "This is just an old building".  I have worked in older buildings with fewer issues.\All that aside,  I would rather stay here than move to the new facility-- the new facility will be difficult for older/disabled veterans to travel through.
The building manager is outstanding and the security personnel.  The only concern is the new badge swipe after a certain hour you have to use a full 7 digit pin number instead of 4 digit; it takes too long to put all those numbers in.  I do appreciate that at 730 am you do not have to use your pin to open the front doors thank you.  I also want to add that when we put a trouble call in for issues the building manager acts on them immediately.  I would like for them to clean out our vents every 3 to 6 months without asking because debris from construction is blown into our office spaces and I had a allergic reaction from it but once the manager was notified they came in and clean the vents and I haven't had any other issue.
The quality of the cafeteria has been declining for the last couple of years. The current contractor doesn't seem to be concerned with cleanliness unless there's an inspector in the area. Food and utensils are often handled without gloves (bare hands), the food service area is dirty, there are often flies and cockroaches present, and the attitudes of the owner(s) seem to indicate that they're only concerned with their profit and not the concerns or complaints of their customers. I'm honestly surprised that GSA allows their contract to persist.
mold smell
I occupy a smaller office that was originally either a storage space or a small meeting room.  The space is too small for the numerous meetings I hold.
higher walls for everyone would be better, air consistency would be nice
We are in snow country.  The walkways around the building have to be closed off in winter because of snow shedding off the roof... poor design of walkways.  We were told that smoke detectors and CO2 detectors were not necessary because we are federal and therefore exempt from those rules.  Because of the exhaust coming in our building, we bought a small CO2 detector for our end of the building.  And for the entire building, they gave us one small smoke detector that sits so high over the sink that we can't reach it to change the batteries.  It went 5 years without a battery change. We can't get anyone to care.  But it was important that we have matching furniture.
There are no partitions to keep down the noise from the lobby when people are talking or when you are on the phone.  It's a very noisy environment and hard to concentrate.
The building needs to comply with OSHA standards, which we know it doesn't. Having to pay for our own water since we cannot drink out of the water fountains, and paying for air when there is no air circulating in several of our spaces is beyond unsatisfactory. We know the money is there so stop the fraud, waste, and abuse and start taking care of your clients/occupants!
The parking garage next to bldg. 31 is disgusting, the stairwell has trash in it, garbage cans overflow with trash and don't appear to be tended to on a regular basis.  It is filthy.
Great place to work, nice building and responsive landlord.
How is this a LEED platinum building? There is poor/no access to mass transit. Lack of connectivity, no sidewalks, alternative transportation, street intersections are extremely dangerous to pedestrians etc. Recycling program is poor, elevators are focused with limited problematic access to stairways etc. Lighting, ambient light (glaring sunlight) and ventilation is uneven. Bathrooms have poor water and energy conservation.
Cafe areas seem dingy and lighting in non-art areas needs to be brighter
The elevators are constantly breaking down, specifically the freight/garage elevator.  The HVAC system is antiquated and does not automatically adjust to the outside conditions (you freeze in the winter and sweat in the summer).  Building management is slow to respond to issues.
Our office needs to be expanded to accommodate the number of staff assigned to my department. There is one workstation and 7 staff... Also the roaches are a huge and disgusting problem seeing as how we are the Food Service department.
The increasing number of people expected to share the open office environment will have an impact on work productivity. It is getting extremely hard to book meeting rooms when you need them, and drop ins can only go so far to alleviate concerns. When you are taking calls all day you can't sprint for a drop in that may or may not be empty every time the phone rings.
The building, common spaces, bathrooms and elevators are all very good and support common work needs. However, the actual office spaces/cube farms and total lack of common/kitchenette on the floor leave a lot to be desired. The inability to configure the partition layout to suit our team or even move a table is frustrating. I also feel that any decent workspace will have at least one common area for the floor where workers can prepare food, drinks and other general kitchenette function. Not to be disgusting, but I clean my coffee cup 4 feet away from someone taking a shit... That's unacceptable.
Very dissatisfied with the poor planning of the current office space. This office was not design for the comfort of the support staff who work in their cubicles 90-95% of the time. It's obvious this office space was built around the professional staff who currently take advantage of the telework and/or 5-4-9 schedules available. Therefore most of the current office spaces remain empty during the regularly scheduled work week and 95% of the cubicles are currently empty due to the decease of support staff being hired.
Restrooms should be cleaned at least twice a day on our floor -9 as there are a majority of females on the floor and the restrooms need assistance mid-day! Soap dispensers should be checked often and toilets should be adjusted as many spit water high up during flushing.
Building security is non-existant. We have contracted secretarial staff manning the main entrance, who attempt to check in visitors etc. However, their protection is non-bullet proof. They are also not security guards. We regularly have visitors in the office, including people to provide depositions on terminated contracts, who enter our building with briefcases, rolling cases, and other closed equipment without anyone checking for weapons or other materials. We have contract mailroom staff who manage our loading dock, but there is only a chain link fence blocking the area. The windows are non-ballistic and other outside entrances are no protected. Building security at this facility is very concerning to me, as someone with malicious intent could cause a lot of human and property damage to our facility with minimal effort. I have raised this issue to management, but nothing has been done.
The carpeting and cubicles walls appear dirty and worn. There has been mice sightings in the area.
The water out of tap often comes out dark brown and is not good even for potable water. the bird problem is severe the netting is all torn up the birds are into the insulation of the warehouse overhead and crap all over the concrete docking areas warehouse areas and even inside the warehouse where we share an x ray room with them. I do like the a/c and heat here for an old prison it is very good. the vents and air system really do need a cleaning all you have to do is look at those vents and the computer filters to know there is excessive breathable dirt here.
GSA Team 4 works extremely hard to keep Bldg. 25 in top condition.  They are responsive to all of our needs and our satisfaction is of the utmost importance to them.  Lucky to live in this building - not all of the other tenants at the DFC are so well taken care of!!  Great team effort!!
The office is located in a high crime rate area where carjacking's and shootings occur frequently.  This has been an ongoing issue for years, but nothing has ever been done to try and relocate the office.  These surveys are a waste of time.
The basement/parking is in extreme poor condition.  Water leaks are damaging the paint on government vehicles.
Temperature in the building - generally too cold on the north side and too warm on the south side. \\Faucets in the break rooms should NOT be motion activated when you requre the garbage disposal. Water temperature can get too warm - I don't want to wash fruit with warm/hot water. \\Atrium area is empty and lifeless. \\Employee entrance is not well-lit -- very dark when there is no daylight. Easy to install a light above the double doors. \\Elevators are veeeerrrryyyyy sssssllllllooooooowwwww. \\A bit outside the building... but the road should really be a circle at the entrance rather than a free-for-all where people from NSA think they always have the right of way.
GSA lease renewal (contracting) process has moved along at a painstakingly slow pace.  Updates are rarely provided without first being prompted, and even then, responses are not always timely received
bathrooms much too small for number of tenants - sometimes we have to spend most of our breaks just waiting to use bathroom. workspace is always dusty - always. 1st floor break room is too small. front door is not closing properly about every 2 months
The gates to the parking lots are constantly breaking down. Also there should be a key to manually open the gates during a power outage. We recently lost power in the building and 1) the generator did not immediately come on and 2) we had no one on site with the key to manually open up the parking lot gate, so employees were unable to leave. Also the west entrance doors have issues every now and again and the southwest elevator has issues and will get stuck every now and again. The security personnel do not seem aware on how to take care of such issues or request help when needed to correct these issues (e.g. elevator malfunction).
The Cleaning Staffs in my building are excellent. They are friendly, kind and helpful. However, we recently are only allowed to use 1 bathroom with 3 restrooms and it's much harder to keep them clean and available. I dont understand why we can only use the restrooms on our floor. We cant even use the bathroom on the common floors.
none
Adequate cleaning of the building is a concern.  In talking in passing with members of the various cleaning services that have been employed for the building over the years - it seems the owners of the building do not like to pay much for cleaning services.  So the services end up being very basic - particularly in the restroom areas.  Paying for an occasional deep-cleaning service for the restrooms / break room every so often would be beneficial.
Many common areas/waiting rooms are over-crowded for veterans and their families to be sit comfortably. Overall appearance of building is drab. Employee break rooms and rest rooms are dirty and often 2-3 days a week are out of supplies like paper towels, soap and toilet paper.\My department is rarely cleaned and the floor is only mopped once or twice a year.\\Whenever I enter another private medical facility I am impressed by the overall cleanliness and accessibility. I am somewhat embarrassed at the condition of my facility.
'- Very satisfied with the response time on most service calls.  \- The toilets backup quit frequently (20th floor).  \- The fountain water has a strange taste.  \- The walls in the women's room are reflective, which allows view of others in adjacent stalls.  This issue was reported many months ago, but still has not been resolved.
We need faster internet and better WiFi.  Everything else is solid. Building is fairly new and they just completed a refresh. Looks good around here.
Cubicle is very small making it hard to manage paperwork and the keyboard at the same time.
It appears that the survey deleted my location and department. I am at the VA San Diego Healthcare System Station 664, Building 1. The intolerable temperatures is in reference to our basement, which is either very hot or very very cold. Our department has to purchase space heaters.
Our work area has grown significantly in the last few months and there are no longer enough space in the refrigerator to accommodate all the new staff.  There is also now a 30 minute line to use the microwave when needed.  We attempted to bring in our own mini fridge and microwave as a solution and Nancy Anderson in VA Ann Arbor Interior Design told us we must get rid of it.  Administration needs to either provide enough refrigerator space and microwaves to accommodate staff, or they need to stop micromanaging the situation and allow staff to manage their own accommodations.  While this may seem trivial on the surface, restricting basic needs of staff members causes morale to plummet and negatively impacts veteran care.
The FPS are fine, but the security personnel are unprofessional, rude, abrasive, they are selecting people to be screened based on their own whims, although we were assured they would not and possibly worst of all, they are completely inconsistent in what rules they uphold and how they are applied.  I have zero concerns about the FPS staff we have encountered, but many of the contracted security are guilty of these behaviors.
The ergonomic desks which were purchased in the past several years were wonderful when they worked.  After about 2 years they all started breaking down leaving broken desks through out the floor.  Copy machines are always broken as they were never industrial enough to support the job we do in submission processing. Note for future reference: cheaper isn't always better.
The building is not maintained at all.  We have two elevators for 85 people and one of them has been down almost continually for over a year.  We have had many leaks from pipes bursting in the ceiling, which dumps hundreds of gallons of water into the rooms below, damaging equipment, rugs, walls, etc.  This has taken place over the past several years.  OARM knows how to fix this problem but has declined to do so.  Many rooms in the building are too cold in the winter. Again, OARM knows how to address this problem but has declined to do so.  Basically, since this is a leased building, they are not willing to put any money into basic maintenance,  They wait until something breaks and then address it.
2300 Main is a great building and I hope DOL doesn't move back to 1100 Main, which would be deeply disappointing.
The layout is ok. The acoustic is horrible. The pa systems is bad. The lighting is bad. The desks are not ergonomically correct. We have one too many monitors that get on the way. The phone cable is not long enough. The cable for the lap top is not long enough. The desk is far from the window and having to reach out hurts my right arm.
Standing desks should be standard. Also, this furniture is dated.
During the spring we had some very hot days in the office due to the HVAC being broken.  My office got as high as 90 degrees one day.  It was some horrible conditions during that time and days to come to work in those conditions.
can hear everyone's in person or the phone conversation and personal noises around the work station.
Computerized Air Conditioning system is horrible. It is very inconsistent. The units occasionally do not work and do not indicate a failure. Any power bump from storms, etc. will disable access to the controls on the computer.
The bathrooms never seem to be cleaned - especially the commode, until I wipe the seat myself. (I am referring to dried spots that have been there for weeks) Truck stop toilet paper is enough to frustrate anyone - it should be removed from all bathrooms.  Trash liners are not always changed - even when dirty.  Trash cans are not always put back where they were taken from, after being emptied.  The carpet seldom appears to have been cleaned, in our office.
I don't think this will matter to anyone.
There is no cell service in the building , making it impossible to be contacted at least during emergency or if needed.
Cleaning services and regular cleaning of carpets is not consistent or done regularly.
The TAC guards only wand partially during the day - this process should be done from open until close.  Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out come early or late and security is relaxed.
Building design is not conducive to meeting coworkers - there are few common spaces other than the kitchen & bathroom
This office is a huge waste of taxpayer dollars, it's in a terrible location, it increased my commute time by 30 minutes in the mornings and an hour in the evenings with commute times being 3+ hours when I go into the office.  It was selected with the sole purpose of convenience to management and little or no consideration for employees.
cubicle way too small.
Originally I was able to pull up my office information, (Bureau, Agency, address,) However when I reviewed my answers it no longer showed my selections and would not let me up date. Therefore I will note it here. Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, 2526 Bay Area Blvd. Suite 400, Houston, Texas. \My only complaint, and I believe it to be significant, is that the water fountain has always (the eight years I have been in this office.) produced water that appears to be dirty. It has a brown color to it. I am unable to refill my water through out the day. Otherwise I find the maintenance team to be very efficient and kind.
The building can go through extremes with respect to temperature. My office is a good example of where one space can get very cold.
I would appreciate more security officers on-site. We need metal detectors.\We should have electric car stations - I have had Vets and staff complain about not having that as an option. \I think our staff does a fabulous job with cleanliness with the tools they have. However, I feel some of our buildings need updating and refreshing.
People continue to smoke at every garage level and in front of the building.  I do not want to step out of my car to be greeted with cigarette smoke.  There should be a designated covered areas OUTSIDE for smokers.  They smoke inside during the winter and the summer.  They've found locations in the garage to smoke and it is quite unpleasant to non-smokers.
Two coworkers have significant credible threats of violence against them and all we have is a key card at the fence.  One of the individuals issuing threats has still has access to the facility with the key card.
The security personnel do an outstanding job.  Very professional and dedicated.  The personnel that clean and maintain the building do a great job.  No issues with the building.
There is inadequate meeting space and the meeting spaces we have are not properly equipped to support meetings (i.e. no conference phones, inadequate displays, etc.)
NEEDS MORE SECURE PATITIONS FOR STAFF SAFETY. THIS IS PSYCH UNIT.
I have heard some rumors that our cubicles are going to change from partitions that most people cannot see over when standing to a workstation that is open.  \\Our group area is big and it is also a walk way for others to get around the group areas.  This will be a huge distraction when conducting telephone toll analysis.  I do not want to see everyone walking through the group area when I am trying to focus on inputting, correcting records from the inputting process, and conducting analysis to develop targets for my group.  I will be extremely unhappy with those working conditions.  It will be distracting and disruptive.
There are sometimes up to four people in our small workspace which makes it very loud and hard to hear patients on the phone. Our computers face each open window to the Veteran's and we have not been given privacy screens.
Please Convert the Drinking fountains to have water bottle filling stations.  Throughout the day I see myself and others fumbling with the water fountains trying to fill our water bottles (tilting to the side and not being able to fill completely).  This would a minimal expense to the building and would have a large impact on numerous people.  A happy, healthy work force is priceless.
There is no privacy, the room is quite cold (3rd floor, Audie Murphy), the women's bathroom sinks leak all over the countertop and if you're not very careful your clothes get wet, the counter top is not level, the toilets often are out of order, there is often no toilet paper or paper towels. We are so crowded that my colleague (who I fortunately like very  much) can hear every word each other says, which can be very distracting. Our photocopier/fax is in a common workroom used by residents who meet/have teaching sessions a lot and the choice is either to interrupt them or find another copier across the building somewhere. Just poor space arrangements and overcrowding. We often have trouble getting paper for copier.
My unit is co-located at two different buildings (one on Quantico and one at Stafford) and not all my supervisors have an office.  The space needs to be redesigned to incorporate the whole unit at one location to provide unit efficiencies.
I believe the facility staff is doing all they can with the staffing and budget they have.
my personal work space is very conducive to my work. Great design. Don't change that. the garbage around the building and the security staff are problematic and unprofessional. The non-smoking areas are not respected
The soap dispensers have a black substance in them with the soap. This is very concerning because what is the point of soap if it has black mold or something similar mixed in with it. We work for the National Institutes of Health and should be able to have clean soap. I work on the second floor on the west side. It would be greatly appreciated if someone looked into this issue!\\Also, if I have my door open, I can hear someone talking either on the phone or to another coworker that is 30 feet or more away. When my door is closed, I can still hear my office neighbors talking.
I like my work station very much.  However, they almost never clean the floors.  I clean them myself sometimes.
I work in a former telephone switchroom.  It's noisy.  It's not an office environment with cubicles, privacy and personal work space.  The hospital puts IT where they need us and out of the way.
For some reason the form lost the original information about the office location: My location is as follows:\Jacksonville Vet Center\3728 Phillips Highway Suite 31\Jacksonville, FL 32207
Our department had to let several maintenance staff go for some reason, and now I cannot get my office cleaned and a huge swath of drywall is missing from our common room. Apparently the only person who knows how to fix drywall was let go. So I am disappointed that we are prioritizing cutting costs over keeping our buildings clean and in a presentable shape.
Can not focus or hold professional conversations on the phone when others are in the office talking to on the phone themselves
I am very satisfied with my work environment
There is WiFi installed in the ceiling of the work areas but we are unable to use it. We were told that it does not meet the federal standards for security and turned off. It can not be used even for personnel use during breaks or lunch periods.
GSA staff are always willing to respond to our requests and questions.  Randy and Dan in maintenance are super responsive to our needs and requests.  Annette and Rebecca are always responsive in a reasonable amount of time and are great to work with!
No privacy and we all speak about things that are very private to the employees we speak to
The problems with elevators, flooding, leaks in roof, ceiling tiles falling in, and mold smell have been on-going and present the entire time I have worked in this building (5 years) and have never been adequately addressed. The VA just extended a lease without having any of these areas fixed. Two floors of this building are vacant leading to security concerns. When other agencies move in they tend to stay for short periods d/t the poor quality of the building. The Veterans complain about the poor quality of the building and in many ways it is embarrassing to have Veterans served in a building where hydraulic liquid from elevators and flooding has stained the carpet for years, the elevators break regularly, and parking is in adequate, especially for the older or disabled population.
I would like my work area to be more enclosed
I have ranked my identified building problems in the following order:\1. Security and safety:  The security personnel are fine, but we need stronger security measures in our building given the heatedness of immigration in our country today.  These days, immigration offices are potential targets for dissatisfied individuals on all sides of the issue.  We must strengthen our security measures in accord with these increased threats.\2. HVAC:  My office is often uncomfortably hot on summer afternoons, and it does not even face the sun!  I conduct interviews in my office all day and the ambient temperature is so hot sometimes that it affects all of us during the interview - not a good thing.\3. Elevators: The wait times for getting onto an elevator from the lobby of the JFK High-Rise to any other floor in the High-Rise are utterly outrageous!  The elevator areas are crowded with employees trying to get to their work spaces as many minutes pass unproductively.  It would be very sad to calculate the lost productivity time due to wait times for the elevator, not to mention the collective tension associated with such waiting.\4. Restrooms: The quality of the fixtures and material sin our bathroom are so cheap that it looks as if it were at least 10 years old instead of its real age, which is 3 years old.  Additionally, we have had to get the plumbing repaired often.  Supplies are dispensed by substandard towel dispensers and the toilet paper dispensers are problematic.\Thank you for taking these comments into serious consideration.
The excessive (and inconsistently distributed) heat during winter months result in unhealthy humidity levels below 15% in my area and often usage of fans. However, it would be disappointing and costly to move our office, located on top of a hill, due to a nearby creek nowhere near flood levels even after 8+ inches of rain in 5 days.
Personally, I've never had an issue with Building Management. However, I've noticed, on occasion, and on an as-needed basis, Building Management personnel for this building, resolve issues (e.g. light bulbs replaced, etc.) with this Leased-building in a timely manner. Also, I truly appreciate that, after they built the secure gate at the bottom of the stairs on the rear this building, I feel much SAFER working in this building. This was a major, and a very positive improvement to this building, because in the past, we used to have a lot of homeless sleeping upstairs, and now, we don't. Thank goodness.
The condition of the carpets, paint and cubicles is shameful.  I am embarrassed to bring Treasury's government-wide customers to our facility.
my workspace design is great.\The air temperature in my office is too hot; however, the hallway is cool. I have contacted PVAMC HVAC a few times about the vent in my office, and it has not changed the temperature in my office.
I am super happy with the new bicycle parking area.  The racks are better in that they prevent the potential damage from adjacent bikes.  The pump and tool station is a great addition as well.
none
My cubby has high partitions with a door, but no walls/ceiling.  My main concern is privacy. I'm in a busy hallway and I hear everything that goes on outside and it's quite distracting.  More concerning is the fact that everyone can hear me as well... this includes the civilians who come in to complete bond paperwork.  I think it's very inappropriate that we're in a location where lay people can hear our conversations and see us working.
when on garden level building offices are cold.
THE BUILDING THAT I WORK IN WAS SUPPOSED TO BE TEMPORARY, HOWEVER THIS TRAILER HAS BEEN IN USE FOR MANY YEARS.  I ALSO FEAR FOR MY SAFETY WHEN WE HAVE BAD STORMS.  THIS MODULAR BUILDING HAS SERVED ITS PURPOSE BUT WE NEED A PERMANENT BUILDING LIKE THE MAIN VA BUILDING 30.  WE SHOULD HAVE BEEN OUT OF THIS MODULAR TRAILER A LONG TIME AGO.  THE LETTER "T" STANDS FOR 'TEMPORARY', BUT IT SEEMS TO BE A PERMANENT FIXTURE AND IS VERY OLD.
Very pleased with the location and safety of the building. Convenient to my home as well. Really would like to stay in this building for the foreseeable future.
The office we are in is the break room, conference room, meeting room, and two desk with some room for storage.
The noise level in our office space is terrible due to the baggage handling system. The landscaping isn't maintained at the airport and the grass is dead.  There are many weeds and the flower beds are lacking care. The steps inside of the airport are always dirty and are not regularly maintained. There is a lot of stainless steel inside of the building and it is always dirty in appearance.
Dissatisfied with lack of security measures for our office space. No active security measures in place.
We are in a trailer on a dirt/gravel lot.  You try to take care of your auto and it looks like you haven't  cleaned it in a month.  This is after one trip to work!  We fly the UAS and while we are in the GCS and need to utilize the facilities you get to step outside to a port-o-john, in the 106 degree heat.\ We have been briefed that we do not have room so take home all your stuff and you will be sharing your workstations (you may have a drawer).  I am not looking for a castle but maybe a parking lot to a building with modern facilities.  Google our address and you will see our very own trailer park. \your survey dropped my address so here it is: DHS  CBP  AMO  US  AZ  Fort Huachuca,  2400 Gerstner RD.  Thanks and have a great dya\R
It's a sad state of affairs when you constantly have to deal w/ elevators not working. You try taking 9 flights of stairs everyday because of faulty elevators and you won't have much patience left.
The building’s temperature is extremely cold.
I hate walking past the smokers on the sidewalk to get into the building.  Too many people walk out of the building and light up.  It is always hot and humid early morning and early afternoon.
Needs to be vacuumed more.
When I moved into this office, it was extremely dirty. The Desk, computer, phones, shelves were covered in dust.  It took me a whole day to clean this office myself.  I also had tons of papers and folders in the cabinets since 1998 and older.  I called environmental services to help me clean.  They said they will bring me an extra trash can.  \I had extra speakers, old printers and computers in this office. I had to call IT to come and remove it.  I still have an old phone, it has not been replaced with a new phone. I physically have a new phone it just needs to be connected properly. \No one vacuums this room.  They do empty the trash every evening which is good.
There is a problem with mice even when myself and coworkers keep our workstation clean
I am an employee who hotels 2 days a pay period.  I currently book the same cubicle because it has the equipment that I need in order to perform my job.  i.e. monitor, docking station, mouse, etc, but not all hoteling workstations are set up with all of that equipment, so booking a different cubicle, when my office day changes unexpectedly is challenging.
roaches, roaches, roaches!
Multiple reports of odor, filth, trash - never fully addressed.  You can hear toilet water dripping on the ceiling if someone flushes when you are in the bathroom below.  Need to go to different floors to find a clean restroom.  same trash lays in hallways, vending areas, elevators for days.   A guard, who sees me every day said "That's a good way to get shot" because once i handed him my badge, i put my hands in my pocket - I was putting my gloves in my coat pockets...  what the heck!   Hallway walls were patched over 6 months ago...still not painted.  Halls are peeling, carpet stains, stinks like sewer every Monday morning.  The only thing you see new are the roaches.  Most of the cleaning crew just walks around or hides in our file rooms.  Don't go in the service elevators, it's like riding in a dumpster.  I get old, but things can be old and still clean.
The office is small and clean and convenient to cases and home and therefore gives me ability to get more work done as I do not waste my time on traveling to examinations. Please do not CLOSE THE OFFICE!!
I have been waiting for one year for more workspace. I have about  a 12 inch by 10 inch clear work area. No lighting for the first 8 months finally got an over head light. Keyboard takes over the rest of my work area and Ive requested 5 times to have an under mount with no success.
roof leaks in primary and secondary areas. secondary restroom wet panel.
I work at a counter in an open work space
Very little privacy and many interruptions. Yesterday, I had a meeting that lasted 45 minutes and was interrupted three times during this short period, due to entrances from individuals with keys to the space but with offices elsewhere. The lack of privacy and respect is aggrevating.\\Due to lack of privacy, I am also unable to participate in phone calls, conference calls, and national webinars that are part of my role due to the shared nature of the space and the frequent interruptions.
We need a place for our coats and jackets  inside our cubicles.  I don't like hanging my coat on the main aisle!  I have to really remember  to remove things from my pockets  It appears that  the person in charge of cleanup is determined to remove  all our creature comforts!!
We have no windows in our office.  We have a conference room that is detached from our office.  There is no ventilation in my personal office.  Our main office door is not ADA compliant.
In the teleservice center, the close proximity, even with the high partitions is not enough privacy for the sensitive work we do.  The temperature is either extremely cold or hot.  After 5pm the air quality starts to go down - air condition is cut off or heat is cut off. the dust on some of the overhead vents is so thick. when the staff cleans it, some dust particles cannot help but cover the desk. complaints about dust, broken furniture go unanswered. The front doors after severe storm have yet to be replaced.  The wooden "tarp", looks tacky.  Bathrooms, appliance centers, and overall cleanliness has improved since last survey.  Thank you!
Mirrors in the parking garage to see around corners would be helpful to alert traffic of oncoming vehicles
HSI RAC Ocean City has been in the “expedited” process for procuring office space for almost 3 years.    I don’t have a desk. A office.  Or a toilet.  I work from my GOV or borrow desk space from our underfunded and over worked local partners.    Frankly the whole process has been an embarrassment and unsatisfactory.
There have been numerous facilities issues within the past few years.  In particular, HVAC problems which have finally been corrected temporarily, pending installation of an entire new system.  We appreciate GSA's assistance in dealing with the lessor, which has been very difficult at times.  Things have improved in recent months, in part thanks to GSA's intervention.
This trailer was procured for additional office space for personnel because the hangar does not have enough space for offices.  Because of this it is not considered a district facility so there is no investment in it by the district, although there are facilities people who do try to help us.  We are also not district employees so we have to buy our own supplies for the restroom, grounds, etc out of our fire budget.  We do all our own janitorial and grounds maintenance so I don't have any comments on cleanliness.  The pavement where the helicopters park is falling apart so we had to pay a vendor money for a broken window; it also flies in people's faces when they are marshalling helicopters. In the winter we have to shut off the water to the hangar building (there is no water in the trailer) or else it will freeze because the pipe was installed improperly.  This means that unless I want to work without running water or a restroom I have to go work in someone else's office in another building and haul files, etc back and forth. We have done all we can to seal up the trailer to keep mice, flies and other bugs out but there is only so much we can do with the age and condition of the building. The roof is also leaking. We put in for the national funding for aviation facilities, but don't expect to get it.
I have several.  1.  I do not like the fact that females are able to clean a men's restroom.  We are not given the privacy for which we do respect and deserve. The restrooms are cleaned at different time in the day, not at the same time each day.  2.  The turnstiles in the main lobby are not designed for those employees who are wheelchair bound.  Furthermore; the turnstile are not marked in Braille for the blind or visually impaired employee. This does not meet ADA requirements.  How would a blind person know where to place their card to activate the turnstile?
Lighting glare on computer screens is a real problem.  I had to resort to a sort of roof of cardboard over my cube to block annoying light from ceiling fixtures.  I don't know what can be done about this since some lighting is required but the placement of the fixtures and/or cube design isn't optimal.\\Noise from loud talking is a real problem, even from people in cubes quite a distance away.  There is no way to control noise nor is there an established procedure on reporting these people.  They seem oblivious to the fact that many other people are in the vicinity and are being disturbed.  Perhaps there should be a loud section in the building where all these people can make as much noise as they want to.\\The restrooms need some attention, at least on the third floor central and north.  Specifically the men's urinals.  They have no ability to flush.  They frequently fail to drain and are disgusting.  The restrooms have a bad odor as a result.  There is also frequent problems with the toilet paper dispensers where multiple rolls of paper interact and cannot be extracted in one piece.  One positive thing I will note is that the toilet seats were changed since last year's survey, which I had reported as a problem.  Thank you.\\I believe that if security at this building (and other buildings here on campus) is actually important then there should be turnstile access rather than sliding doors.  A sign on the card reader outside saying, "Don't Tailgate" doesn't seem like anyone takes security very seriously.  If you don't want people tailgating then make it impossible to tailgate.\\I believe that HVAC duct cleaning is required in this building as well as an assessment of the filtering systems.  I come into my cube in the morning and regular find clumps of dust on my desk. To me this means the dust is being distributed by the HVAC ducts.  This is a problem with air quality, allergens, and health.  Please do something about this and report back to me what has been done.\\One final thing.  I took this survey with Firefox on Windows and I could not see which radio buttons I had selected nor could I tell in the final summary page what I had checked.  Maybe I should have used Chrome or IE but there was no mention of specific browsers in your survey email.  I was able to use the PDF option on the last page though to verify my choices.\\Thank you.\\Mark P Anderson\WJHTC Bldg 300 J14 3N744\609-485-4843
It is very difficult to efficiently perform our roles if we have to share offices or work in open spaces.
I believe the male restroom outside our work space (400 C Street SW - Suite 100) is outdated and inefficient and receives a great deal of transient (non-employee/non-building occupant) traffic/use which leads to the cleanliness and disrepair issues associated with that problem area... Better security in this vicinity might help. I believe this may be an area where building cleaning staff tends to congregate as well... Do they not have their own separate area to congregate?
Interior and exterior space are well maintained.  However, carpets could be cleaned/vacuumed more often.
The ventilation system in the bathroom on the first floor needs to be corrected.  The toilets were changed to low water toilets, most of the time they are left unflushed.\\When speaking to the cleaning staff about the bathroom as well as hanging signs about the unclean and unsanitary conditions, I was informed that the cleaning staff do not clean toilets and mop floors.
The issue is the patient examination rooms.  They are inadequately small, especially if you have a patient that is in a wheelchair that is too wide to get through the door and causes you to have to step over the patient to complete the triage or examination.
I'm concerned about indoor air toxicity due to the abundance of new material (paint, furniture, carpet, ceiling tiles, computer equipment, etc) and extreme lack of ventilation.\Bathrooms are extremely cold in winter and odors become intolerable at times due to lack of adequate ventilation.\Too few plants and no décor makes the space feel uninviting.
This could pose a problem during an active shooter if in our building if i couldn't get to a hiding location.
Small area, design not designed for proper passenger flow or adequate maneuvering of personnel.
I am relatively satisfied with my cubicle that affords me some privacy and noise reduction when seated. I have heard that some spaces in other floors in my building are being converted to an open workspace plan. Please do not do this. Many newer studies have shown that this is not ideal to workers for a variety of reasons and our facilities would be behind the times in trying to move to this workplace design when others are now abandoning it.
The building common meeting rooms are in the basement, they are dark, and there is no security evident, so almost no one will use them.  Our main office is on floor 3, and there is nothing o stop anyone from getting on the elevators to access them during normal business hours.  While there is a security desk, it is off to the side, and nothing requires any visitor to stop there and be cleared before he/she enters and elevator and goes upstairs.  There is nothing preventing anyone from getting off at our floor (no limited access).  There is also nothing between the elevator and the interior of our office space except a totally glass door and wall.  We have no front office personnel, so, if anyone were to break in, no one would know.  If anyone were to follow a staff member in, no one would see.  IT is unacceptable.
The parking garage is a scary place and my only concern with an otherwise great building to work in.  I know they are working on it, so I hope that one day I will no longer fear for my safety!
Water quality in Flint is an ongoing concern.
The building is rundown. Air quality is poor. Elevators don’t work properly. Coworker broke his neck in one a few years back. Security is poor. When I need to use the restroom, I enter the hallway which is unsecured space. Most government offices have an armed security officer; we don’t. The fact that we are in this building demonstrates clearly what GSA and other government managers think of ICE/HSI. Poor office environment in a city of hundreds of potential locations cleaner and better suited for LE. Pathetic!
The temperature is too cold especially during the winter months. My eyes dry out and I have to use eye drops and a blanket. I had my air vent redirected to the window. When we could control our room temperatures that was better.
In general the bathroom is in extreme need of cleaning and refurbishing including ventilation
Need to provide more fresh air, individual screens for Opennet and Classnet and standing desks for all
The main complaint is AC/Heat-it is not zoned correctly and some areas are too hot and others too cold and management service will not correct. When had a plumbing issue it took months to correct and then only when it impacted their wallets w/ an outrageous water bill.  We have had pull cords on assistance bells that have been broken for months, they finally came out to look at it, had to borrow my tools to see what was needed and have never returned.  Our clinic manager has called, emailed consistently to no avail.  Our parking issues are unacceptable, we have veterans parking on the street and waking to the clinic as we don't have enough spaces.  Employees are parking in a cul-de-sac to allow more parking for veterans but this is not much help, we are growing and the owner of the facility is unwilling to expand parking.
cubes are dehumanizing and sharing makes it worse
The heating in a baggage area has been malfunctioning for over a year. There's extreme heat in that enclosed room, during the summer. The City has been contacted but are unwilling to fix it.
I have no desire for the OPEN office concept, which is very distracting, noisy, interferes with productivity. most bathrooms too small, inadequate for the number of people here! There is a bathroom stall in the fitness center building that has been broken and out of service for 3 months or  more, with a sign saying 'waiting for part'? WTF!
The cleaning staff doesn't dust if we are present, so since I am present everyday when they dust, my cube doesn't get dusted - but those around me do.  The light fixtures are very dusty and can cause me to sneeze - it would be nice to have it cleaned. When they choose to vacuum down the isles, between desks, we have to ask to have our cube vacuumed - he does it cheerfully - but they rarely come around with that vacuum (well, when I am here at least). The bathrooms it would seem should be spotless with as much time as they are closed for cleaning throughout the day, however, they are not cleaned to satisfaction.  It needs a good thorough cleaning.
This office needs a separate parking lot from Claimants. All other offices have additional parking in the rear for employees. This office needs that too.
Several toilets in 10th floor men's room are frequently clogged and don't flush adequately; urinals are sometimes backed up.\\Soap dispenser on ground floor men's room by Freight Vestibule #2 (NE-PL-FV2) is perpetually broken. I submitted several requests to customer services asking that it be fixed but nothing seems to have been done about it.\\Paper towel dispenser in 10th floor pantry is sometimes jammed; hot water in pantry sometimes fails.\\There needs to be a way to open the pantry doors without them slamming on you as you exit. This is particularly difficult if you are trying to leave the room with items in both hands. The way these doors now operate is needlessly cumbersome.
Mostly find the ward noise level difficult to bear.  I have developed a hearing problem and tinnitus and loud noises from supply carts banging the wall beside our office, telephones, monitors, door slamming all adds up to an overload for my ears..
Too much junk is collected and stored on top of cabinets, in meeting rooms, hallways, aisles, and in closets by many of the occupants of the RRB.  This is a safety issue.
Poor lighting, poor design.
The only thing I have a complaint about is the roaches. I used to rarely see them -- only on the ALJs hallway but now they are in our area daily. I am wondering if we are not getting pest service since we are moving out of the building in a few months.
Timeliness and responsiveness of facilities personnel to customer inquiries could be better.  This comment may apply to NASA facilities personnel, not necessarily GSA personnel.
The security checkpoint has no central air or ventilation. Daily interior checkpoint operating temperatures routinely range from 80-85 degrees during the summer months. There are multiple fans to move the hot air around, however, when there are delayed flights and there are multiple (up to 10) TSA employees and a full flight (anywhere from 50-150) worth of passengers sitting in the heat for an undermined period of time (awaiting a delayed flight) this presents a health and safety concern for everyone. This has also decreased our security effectiveness as officers are asked to combat the constant distraction and environmental impacts of the heat. Officers are required to stand in assigned security positions offering little opportunity for a reprieve from the heat and not every position has the accessibility to the fan air. \\This has been brought to TSA management, TSA safety officials in Denver and the local airport authority and there has been little to no progress with everyone sighting that it is an old building and there is no budget for renovations/upgrade to improve the workplace atmosphere/temperature. There have been multiple temperature "studies" done at GUC and it is documented that this is a violation of health and safety guidelines as well as a violation of the Collective Bargaining Unit (CBA). However, all of the personnel who give these responses are not required to work in these temperatures. The response that is also provided when this issue has been brought up has been that TSA is only processing one flight at a time during the summer months and we are there only for a couple of hours at a time, unless there is a delay. Any period of time in the current checkpoint heat presents a concern and risk.\\This has been an ongoing issue for multiple years. \\Two summers ago, the airport authority placed a window mounted air conditioner unit in the checkpoint window and it actually increased the temperature in the checkpoint as we were unable to open the window to draw in the cool morning air. (this is our ONLY mitigation currently available to lower the interior temperature) The unit that was provided was zoned for personal use in a small residential space. \\Currently there is an on going risk to safety, health and possibly life with requiring officers to work in excessively hot temperatures.
the trash collection is done during business day to include vacuuming. Previous contract would be collected and vacuumed at end of work day which was not disruptive. Also, since trash is collected during business day, the trash on Friday remains in can all weekend until Monday during business hours and room can smell a bit.  I am sure other people in building don't like their trash and vacuuming done during business hours.
I am looking forward to receiving a desktop that has the ability to modify the height so I can sit or stand at my desk as I have medical issues which are impacted when I stand or sit for more than 30 minutes.
The 5th floor men's restrooms in the Customs and Border Protection workspace have a broken toilet that hasn't been fixed for almost one month, and automatic doors that don't work at one of the restrooms.  There is at least one wheelchair-bound employee who works on the 5th floor, so, working automatic doors are important for their convenience and personal hygiene.
I work in the TLC and Hospice areas and there is no workspace for me so I move from computer to computer if anyone is absent. I also have laptop that I use in the general conference room which is constantly used by others on the unit.\There is a workspace that is reserved for an Ebola outbreak and I have asked why cant I use a desk on wheels to work out of that empty office.\No one will give the ok.
I have adequate surface and storage space to get my work done. I have requested and have been granted a standing desk at my workspace, which is helpful for the health of my back and allows me to be productive. I have adequate lighting from above and from my windows. No complaints here.
I work in Support Services; "management" wants divisions and field offices to work in proximity to each other.  There is not enough "office" space in the main building and a modular building sits behind it.  Two years ago, Support Services was moved as a group to the modular building.  The modular building is a slum and, I suspect since I get sick more over here, riddled with mold.  The floors are noisy, the climate control sucks and it's "accessibility" leaves a lot to be desired.  I periodically have to use a cane or walker because of back problems.  Struggling into and out of this building is a pain in the ass. The agency could have paid for an upgraded, expanded main building for what they've put into this dreadful modular building.
I can't move the furniture around in the configuration I would prefer.
not much privacy when on phone and noisy with other employees
would be better if the workstations had dividers between them a bit higher - less noise when coworkers are participating in online meetings, less noise from people in the aisles speaking to one another as they pass, less noise from door latches, etc.
GSA leasing agent has failed in hearing from the customers.
The major concerns in this building are the uneven temperatures throughout the building.  It is cold in my office in the summer and the winter.  Staff actually wear coats and sweatshirts in the winter due to the cold temperatures.  The other major concern is the lack of upkeep on the interior and the poor housekeeping services provided by the contractor.
The exterior windows have been cleaned only once maybe twice in the past 9 years. The entire exterior appearance of the building needs to be pressured washed.   The restrooms often run out of supplies.  The carpet in office areas are vacuumed  once maybe every month and should be vacuumed one a week without having to ask.
The frequent power outages lead to lost work
It is in a location where others often place things on my desk.
This question is not entirely relevant.  Our current work spaces while not perfect are vastly superior to the new work areas that we are being forced to get.  The new spaces were selected without adequate understanding of the type of work we do.  The government is spending a lot of money to throw out the current furniture and replace it with furniture that is lower quality.
One half of our office space is always much warmer than the other, too warm in the summer.
In general I am so satisfied to be a part of this organization.
Floors in the work area and breakroom could stand to be swept and mopped more often than they are, and the restroom floors need to be mopped better than they are (currently, it appears that the mopping appears to be more of a "smear what's already on the floor around" situation than a "mop the floors with hot, sanitized water" situation.  That does bring into question how well the toilets are being cleaned, although they usually look okay.
The temperature is always 5 degrees hotter in my office because of the window. I bear the heat because I do not want to be moved to a lesser quality office space. I have put in 3 personal fans around my desk. The building is a modular building so one side of the it is cool all the time and the other side with windows is hot.
I work in an enclosed area (secured room) where the temperature in the summer is 74-75 degrees (I sit next to the thermostat).  Although this might be a good temp and provide good air circulation in the open spaces, it is very stuffy in enclosed spaces.  I called and inquired about revising temperature to around 72 which should provide more comfort and air circulation but I was informed that the contract for the building required a 74 temperature throughout.
no additional
The area to eat is small and it would be nice to be able to have more vending machines for things such as coffee.
I strongly think that the Patient Kitchen can be remodel and change the storage bins that we currently have to relieve up some space. The office is small as well it's hard when two people are working you can barley move around.
Sitting in front of a computer all day has brought on bouts of sciatica and neck pain (even though I get up and walk periodically).  I am currently going to a Physical Therapist to help relieve some of the pain.  It would be helpful to most if we could have rising desks.  Also, lack of privacy with cubicles lends itself to distractions by people passing by during the day.  It would help if the privacy plastic on the windows of managers could be provided to those in cubicles as well.  The plastic would still allow the light to show through.  This would result in employees being less distracted, happier, and able to produce more work.
We have no Air condition for the past couple of months in the food service department our office is hot because is right in the kitchen is a nightmare during the summer when temperatures reach over 100 degrees .
With the remodel of the restrooms, I think you need to ALSO have paper towels available.  Several times there have been 3 of us standing in line, waiting our turn at the ONE hand air dryer.  This is unacceptable and needs to be corrected.  This is for the Fort Worth, TX building on Taylor St.
Your test questions include a misleading choice between somewhat and extremely satisfied. You need a choice that says "satisfied."
Having a door really helps me to concentrate on my work. Teleworking is not a good option for me, so having a door is key.
Work space is too tight for movement around chairs, etc.
I love this building and do not want to have to leave it.   I love the location, it's very close to the main Hwy coming in and out of town.  Very convenient for employees.   It's in a good part of town.   Also, we have HSPD12 and it is very easy for our visitors to find and again access to the main Highway coming into the city.   Can't say more about how much I like working in this building.
We have been asking for new space and the process is extremely slow, years.
Since my duty station is in a federal processing plant this survey has no bearing on my work space
The air conditioning system recently suffered a catastrophic failure and will be out of service for approximately 2 months.  During the day, the interior temperature is over 85-degrees.  Parts are on order, but it will be very hot inside the building until repairs can be implemented.
I have been extremely impressed with the services provided at the building by the building manager and the housekeeping staff. In my book, Jim Farley is the best of the best. He responses to all issues quickly to have them resolved, and he go above and beyond to provide services. He continuously coordinate and follow-up with Facilities Management staff to ensure he has met the needs of our customers. The staff are also awesome in maintaining the facility in tip top shape. Of all the minor ERC tickets that flow through my office, such as (i.e) a light bulb is out, I have never received a ticket from an employee  who was dissatisfied with the building or restroom  cleanliness or building management services.
We need WiFi everywhere in the bld.  \Especially in the basement gym
The lights go off at 6:15 pm every evening.  I am usually working in my office at that time and there is no other lighting in my office so it is very dark.  There is a 2 hour lighting override switch which i must turn on to continue working.  There are many other people in the building at 6:15 pm so all of the lights in the building are turned back on.  It would be much better and energy savings to have the lights automatically turn off at 7:00 pm when most people have left for the day rather than having the whole building being lit up until 8:15 pm.
Escalators have been broken for at least two months.  How long can it possibly take to get them fixed?  Previous leasing company was able to fix them; new company can't figure it out.  Elevators are a joke.  They take forever to open.  On the Mezzanine, three elevators come going down, even though no one pushes the button and no one gets off, before one elevator comes going up.  Leasing company is not responsive when issues are raised with elevators.  Some hiccups with security since switch in leasing company as well, most have been addressed satisfactorily.  Security personnel's professionalism could use some polish.  FPS is always great.
space is small for type of work and equipment needed to do job; personal workspace or offices are not properly allocated for staff doing work requiring more space but by favorites or longevity
This type of workstation does not give you any privacy for confidential or sensitive discussions.
This is a room that is about 11x14 feet with three people in it all day long, two of whom are on the phone most of the day, one of whom needs to use dictation software, and a nurse that needs to come in and give report.  We routinely have a student or trainee with us.  So this 11x14 room we have 5 people, and all the office equipment / furniture that goes along with this regularly, and frequently we will have another person stop in with a question, so that is now six or more people in this room. The HVAC often doesn't work or if it does, the fan on the ventilation unit is running full blast all the time and makes it nearly impossible to hear in here.  It was 86 degrees in here today, and has been for the last week.  There are locks on the doors to our unit, but because of the building that is going on next door, and fire codes, the locks have been removed, so anyone can walk through without obstruction.  This is a safety concern as well.  The police are fantastic, but the structural issues are a safety concern here, and the windows are locked down so they open approximately 4 inches so no one could hurt themselves, but this also means if someone were to walk through the unlocked doors with a threat, we cannot escape out of our tiny room with the windows locked down.
Get rid of the director Hepker and asst dir. Kuhne and facilities mgmt. Jackson they pack alot of people in one room and are running the agency to the ground. Because the directors there is a gross morale issue amongst employees and people only work here for the benefits and because of ignorance. Once people figure out you have benefit sat other agencies the VA will loose all of its best employees.  The facilities manager is always gong to be trying to find away to add on the Clinic for space with people, parking, you name it because he isn't competent and someone else should be doing this.
Traveling into downtown Kansas City is difficult (traffic, congestion, construction), time-consuming, a waste of fuel, and generates pollution. I would like to telework more, but my agency plans to essentially eliminate teleworking. I do not want to have to pay $79 every month for parking at the building. I would like to have an office that has a window and is larger.
Since contractors replaced previous EMS workers the cleanliness of the building and restrooms has gone down and it is hard to get work orders completed related to cleaning needs.
When I walk down the hallway and I break out in a sweat, it's too warm, especially for a hospital environment.  Building temperatures and humidity are maintained at a level that promotes the spread and growth of viruses and disease.
I provide mental health counseling in my CBOC and my office space is small, with no natural lighting. It does not create a comfortable space for my veterans who present with anxiety issues.
It's comfortable and I can do my job.   I am satisfied with my workspace.\\pl  93
Current work space has leaking ceiling. Leaks into treatment areas and others offices when raining.
need new building
I work on the 3rd Floor of the 1250 Maryland Ave, SW, Building for the Federal Aviation Administration. The only issue I'd like to mention is the Proximity Card readers in the elevators. My Proximity card doesn't always get recognized by the card reader inside the elevators. So, I end up missing my floor because the card reader takes a long time to recognize my card. I've noticed that other people have the same problem.
It's fine.
this survey must have been sent to me in error.  i am no longer assigned to a Washington DC office.  my overall dissatisfaction is with yet another OBO (Caddell) project completed way past its stated deadline, and once occupied does not seem to have taken into consideration the work to be done by employees.  it seems as though an interior designer had the final word, so workstations are not only uncomfortable but a hindrance to productivity.
In a hall like area, with no windows and 4 desks separated with partitions.
The Crystal City location is well maintained and conveniently located close to the metro and several lunch and shopping conveniences.  It is well suited for commuters.
Lighting has been an issue for 2 years, certain coworkers turn the overhead lights off constantly and have been hostile when the lights are turned on.\The Supervisor, just states staff have the right to turn the lights off when they want
'-Throughout the building, the women's restroom stall doors need to be repainted, and checked to ensure that the locks lock.  Paint is chipping off of the doors in a half moon shape around the handles and sometimes the locks don't quite catch so the door opens while the user is seated.  My arms are barely long enough to re-close the door!  It's been embarrassing on occasion.  Also, the paper towel level in the kitchen areas needs to be checked more often.  50% of the time on the 3rd floor in the south building there are no paper towels.
Odd shaped workspace that is not conducive to ergonomics required to efficient work in this space
Again, forced into cubicle space that does not meet the minimum required sq footage by ATF order.  With having an urgent care on the 1st floor, there have been instances of large blood smears on the entry doors.  The owner refuses to unlock the rear building doors so we can use it as an entrance. There have been instances of people overdosing in the parking lot.  EMS having to show up and use Narcan on them.  The main lobby on our floor is a death trap if there is a power outage and fire.  There is no access to the stairs in case of an emergency.\\No secured parking (we end up getting complaints on parked vehicles from other businesses).  No exterior security cameras.  The doors to the stairs don't have any latches and don't lock.  Paint on the walls is extremely thin.  Any sort of bumping or rubbing of wall usually results in marks.  Misc. exterior window and vents leak when it rains (they've attempted fixing multiple times but have failed).
Kitchen sinks don't have hot water, takes months to replace broken microwaves and refrigerators.
I CAN SEE THE TOP OF THE HEAD OF THE PERSON ADJACENT TO ME
I'm pretty happy with the building besides the fact that it is always freezing cold.  I do wish; however, that each floor had a small lunchroom where personnel could get away from desk to eat lunch.
Need to push the open concept on the Department.
Security: on a continuum the alarm system due to inappropriate swipes, sounds alerting an intruder. The station is set up for those who have swipes. Solution: Better signage.\\Restrooms: Toilets are cleaned, however not up to snuff.\\Landscaping/Exterior: The lawn (grass) is not being taken care of properly. Although we had rain on continuous days seems as though when the weather warmed, someone could have jumped on the wheat field that was growing. (Mosquitoes and flies, bugs in general).
The parking lot floods in the winter in front of the employee entrance.  It is really scary.  The steps are a bit sketchy as well.
I am totally satisfied with my workstation,
I have always had issues with noise coming from adjacent partition because of the fact that it is not all closed out. This makes it hard to work especially when you are on the phone.
Too small for the amount of things needed
I recognize that we have to use space efficiently, but the inequity in size, location, and use of cubicles (large individual cubicles for some offices, small shared cubes for others, sometimes a large shared space with no cubes for others), the fact that meeting rooms are hard to book, and the grim and grimy walls and carpets are depressing.  The few exterior windows are thick with grime and soot so even on the sunniest days, it looks like it's raining outside!
No office anymore, hoteling now
It would be easier to hear conversations with callers if we had more space between the cubicles. Currently there are quite a few empty cubicles.
None
Should be a choice between Somewhat and extremely satisfied. That what I would choose because I’m more then somewhat satisfied but not extremely. \\I love the general look of the whole are and the personnel managing the building in all facets. \\Not happy with the heat and cold fluctuation throughout the whole floor. Also it would be nice to have a regular schedule for the vacuuming. It is hardly done and I can only imagine what's coming off the floor when walking on it.
I have two workspaces. One is my own private office. One is my team room - an enclosed multi-person office. I am in my office more than the team room.
Facility Mngmt which overlooks our facility proclaim their dept never has funds.
Would be much more productive and able to concentrate if had a more confined area.  Feels like a three ring circus most of the time unless I work earlier or later than the entire office.
Chairs are uncomfortable
There is no storage or space available to store personal items need to complete my job on a daily basis.  If I need tests, items, handouts - that I issue to Veterans - I need to carry things back and forth from my locker.  I don't have an assigned area with a space provided for filing anymore and this is very irritating.  I am always dropping papers and misplacing things that I need on a daily basis.  It is to hard to be organized and it is very frustrating.
The office space is terribly inadequate for the number of personnel assigned, its mission and organization.  It lacks adequate common areas and meeting space for individual squads and sections.  In addition, the workstations are cramped and extremely noisy.   The "one size fits all" workstations and workstation assignments don't account for job series and functions.   Ideally, individual squads would have separate and enclosed work areas with individual conference room and common area.  The common supply, communications, IT and storage areas are woefully inadequate.
The Vienna office is relatively new to the IRS. They closed Baileys Crossroads and Fairfax PODs and combined them into one at Vienna.  I feel like no one planned Vienna. It was as if they just found space and jammed Fairfax furniture into Vienna without rhyme or reason.  It’s a very odd layout.
I'm located in a room that is enclosed for telework purposes and it's extremely stuffy in the office, not enough air circulation. We use to have a person come vacuum our office space daily, not it's been reduced to once a week.
The design of the building means most cubicles are dark and the bright lights are over-bright to try to compensate.  Cubicles are not conducive to productivity in a writing-and-reading-intensive job that requires concentration and low noise levels.  Hard-walled offices and natural light are greatly needed.
The cube situation may be feasible for staff members who do not spend all day on the phone or have meetings.  This is a horrible setup and does not lend to a positive work environment, nor does it allow us to give proper attention or privacy to the borrower we are speaking to.
There is not enough space to properly store equipment. The equipment is frequently moved around to accommodate patient care. There are times it becomes broken by being in the wrong place or disappears.  Difficult to maintain TJC regulations due to this.
The outlets are in the floor.  They are bulky and interfere with the placement of furniture.  IT makes things cumbersome.
The building is well maintained.  We are undergoing construction and it is louder than I like sometimes.  Also, the temperature in my office is always too warm.  There is no getting around it and I have no idea why.
The nose level of the cubicle areas would be decreased if the cubicle walls were taller
Items that should be considered\1. Electric Car Charging Station(s) to accommodate tenants with electric cars\2. Reduction in Space - The number of employees in the office has reduced significantly and HUD/GSA seems to be paying for a greater square footage area than what is needed, especially since a large number of employees telework 1, 2 OR 3 days/week, and many records are no electronic. \3. Federal Building - GSA should consider moving agencies back to the Federal Building in Albany to same the cost of expensive corporate type work space(s).
Offices were designed for less collaborative work, less computers, less projectors, and less meetings than currently required. This building is laid out to house supercomputers removed 15+ years ago, with offices rimming the outer 2 edges of the computer server room. It is not optimized for modern office usage.
adding more Beautification of grounds would really be nice.  Flower boxes and areas around doors to most buildings are not attended
outdated buildings and facilities.  I generally have a negative opinion of these facilities, but i do understand that there are budget issues.
One guard on duty for the entire building is not realistic in providing security.  There used to be two, but apparently this was cut for cost savings.  Given the things that happen in the world every day, it seems a poor place to cut costs.
Having an enclosed single-person office is important for the freedoms needed for my work, which involves - when not teaching - curriculum development and networking via email and phone with other instructors and in-service students.
Excellent workplace.  Extremely satisfied.
Dissatisfied with the network speed to accomplish work.  Software hesitation impairs my cadence and often I have to simply wait several seconds for the work station to respond.  It seems to be a bandwidth issue especially with AutoCAD, larger pdf files and large e-mail attachments such as digital images, pdf files and AutoCAD drawings.  AutoCAD has to transfer command information from the network where the program resides which can delay system response several seconds at times.  The work station and the AutoCAD program residing on the network constantly communicate drawing data and view information between each other.  The workstation frequently hesitates noticeably while the program and workstation attempt to communicate with each other impairing my ability to work fluently.  It frequently leads to my mouse movement and the program getting out of sync so I am unable to accurately select drawing entities forcing me to cancel and repeat efforts.  It doesn't process commands as quickly as I enter them leading to the program "hearing" different commands again often forcing me to cancel and repeat inputs.  It impairs my ability to accomplish my work as expediently as I should be able to and it adds significant stress while trying to accomplish work in a timely fashion.
Snow removal in the parking lots needs to be dramatically improved.
our office needs privacy and security when bringing outsiders into our space when we have to interview them. They should not walk thru agent area and hear our personal/professional conversations over the phone or in person to other agents or see PII we have out in the open on desks which is the nature of our work. Conference rooms need to be segregated from office space. It's an old depressing building and unprofessional to have outsiders come into our environment.
Last time I complained to this survey AND my boss about the 4 N.E. bushes. There are 4 huge bushes that block drivers view in the lot =safety issue. Also people can hide a huge safety issue considering this is a disability courthouse. They are not trimmed and at this point need to be GONE! I can give examples of exactly why these are so very bad but will not. If I had the time and permission I'd remove them myself. That is how bad these are. They are a hazard. Came around the corner one day and good thing I am very cautious, as a young driver stopped texting was in that large blind spot caused by the bushes
Please please please change the taps in the bathroom. they do not dispense enough water to clean our hands. I know we were in a drought but this is not hygienic
The building itself is nice, but very expensive and mostly empty.  Working in cubicles is fine, but challenging depending on who is in your general area.  I do have access to everything I need to do my job effectively.
My concerns are with cubicles/workstations.  I can hear every phone conversation / any conversation in our large office - and there are many throughout the day, which disturbs everyone's work.  I cannot lead meetings from my phone due to surrounding noise disturbance.  I cannot concentrate on work.  I have to telework when I need to write briefings, reports, publications, etc in order to be efficient and meet deadlines.  Working at a National level, one needs an office to conduct business in given the nature of the work.
I am very disappointed that Tim Horton's coffee left the building's hobby. I work in Buffalo, which is very cold in the winter, and now I have to walk blocks in the ice and snow to get a cup of coffee, which I need to do at least twice a day now. It would be much better if 50 Fountain Plaza had some kind of chain coffee in the lobby, like a Dunkin' Donuts, Tim Horton's, or a Starbucks.
The reorganization of space that occurred within the past year on the 5th floor was terrible.  We gained only a few seats but many people literally bump elbows with their neighbors.  I got one of the best spaces so I'm lucky, but grown adults shouldn't have to be bumping into each when they move about their daily work at their desks.
No privacy when helping customers, while awaiting customers are listening to my conversion with customers that are being assisted.
Some of the bathrooms smell really bad.
We have old, mismatched partitions; have been told new partitions will be ordered, yet they have not.  Locking file cabinets to hold PPI have also been promised but not delivered.
My office walls are stained and have multiple holes and cracks.  I am embarrassed to have meetings in my office because of it's appearance.  Other than this significant issue, I am very happy with my office.\\This form is significantly flawed.  In the "Country" field, the options are Guam, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands or United States.  Guam, Puerto Rico and The Virgin Islands are all part of the United States.    In the "State/Territory" field, only states are listed - there are no Territories listed as a choice, nor is the District of Columbia - where  significant number of Federal Employees work.
However, there's only one doorway in and no door, if there were an emergency, we'd have to run into harms way to escape the area.
The elevators in this building almost never have any air circulating in them. I have been here almost 4 years and this is a continuing problem.  They are extremely hot and uncomfortable to ride in.  When you walk into the building from off the street, the lobby is also too warm. There is a sandwich shop that opened up downstairs that has not had air conditioning since the 2 months they opened and it's very uncomfortable to walk in there during these hot summer days.  Please recommend that the management of this building address these issues. Also, the space across from us was abandoned by HHS when they moved out a couple of years ago.  It's a little odd having so much empty space in the building for so long. We are in swing space because of space limitations in our main HQs building.  I would prefer to work in the main HQs building.
Could have been a better design.  Lack of desk top area to work.
I value co-location with other Chesapeake Bay Program partner agencies and organizations; and I value proximity to the Chesapeake Bay--my mission focus.
We do not have access to food in our building.  The building on this campus that does have a cafeteria is very far away to walk; and parking is nearly impossible.  It's a problem.
Luck of the draw in seating, no sanitizing dispenser stations
Our crew is split up into three buildings, one of which was previously a small garage, one is a small office and the third is a 7 wide that was condemned over 10 years ago.  The exterior areas are not kept up very well, the parking lot that is paved has not been service in at least 10 years and has large cracks and buckled areas.  The other parking area around our buildings remains dirt.  \\In regard to our buildings, we have always had issues with the rest rooms, discharge line and septic problems, not enough toilets or spaces for the staff, and the recent toilet change out is unsatisfactory.   \\The air quality is bad, circulation in the offices is bad, and regulating the temperature is non-existent.  The controls for temperatures were not designed correctly for each space, regulating temperatures are now to the whim of someone else 60+ miles away.  (We are told that someone in California controls our air). We are in a tin building, poorly insulated, and in an area that the temperatures are 100 to 125 all summer long.  We are either sweating or freezing.  \\In January the office spaces were given new cubicles.  There was nothing wrong with the old ones, in fact the old ones were better quality than the new ones.  The carpets were pulled out and the new furniture was put in on the bare cement floors with only the old carpet glue. It is now mid-June and we still have no floors.  Waste / Fraud / Abuse / Poor Planning / & Incipiency are all terms that fit.\\Let’s talk space, there are 4 GS-13’s in my office space of approximately 195 Sq Ft, or shall we say 48.7 Sq Ft per GS13.  I am not up to speed on the new regs; however, as I recall this space fits the GSA requirements for 2 GS-13’s not 4.  In the main room, the cubicles are 27.5 square feet, which does not meet even OSHA requirements.  \\In the last few years we have had to leave our buildings three times due to fires just west of our location.  This is an issue of burning landscape debris within 300 feet of our building.  This is an issue that our legal staff failed to properly address and take the County and Property owner to court.  One of these occasions many employees experienced lung and breathing problems.  On this occasion we were out of our office for over a month.  We often have to go to other buildings, even across the street for meetings because we cannot get our staff in the small meeting room we have.  This is also true for restrooms, we often have to go to other buildings because we do not have enough.\\We all know who to call to get work done, the problem is we keep hearing excuses of why things cannot be taken care of.  \\Feel free to contact me if you have any questions, Cell 520-403-3122
The noise from conversations (both work and lots of non-work), phone calls, personal radios playing all day.  All of these distractions make the cubicle a bad place for productivity.  The mens restroom on the first floor needs repair and supplies.  The bathroom stinks of urine later in the day.  The AC has a very musty odor when it runs.  It smells like a gym locker.
.
Our building is a security nightmare.  We are exposed to the open street, and frequently have run-ins with drug addicts and mental patients.  Our cars are parked in an open lot that is visible to the public.  The building is constantly in a state of disrepair.  They are constantly starting construction projects that never seem to go anywhere.  I have an empty room assigned to me as a work space.  I have no desk, no phone, no computer, no storage for my equipment.  I basically work out of a bag.  We desperately need to move locations.
no comments.
The restrooms on all floors are filthy (toilets, bad ODOR, sinks dirty and paper and soap dispensers always being depleted.  Some soap dispensers have been broken for months.  The floors are mopped (with a dirty mop) and left to air dry.  Ladies have ruined pants and skirts because they have touched the floor while it is drying.  New mops (that wet mop odor) and not as much saturation is necessary. \\The parking garage has a designated smoking area.  In front of a No Smoking sign there are MULTIPLE cigarette butts on the ground!  People dump their car ashtrays on the ground of the garage and they constantly disregard the No Smoking signs.  Get rid of the designated areas and take down the signs OR enforce the policy and clean the garage floor areas daily.  \\Our custodian Ed is the most pleasant person we have ever dealt with.  He is always happy and cordial and makes us laugh often.  He provides an extra effort for us.  Thank you.
I hate having to office share, and they keep hiring more people when they have no space for them.  Also, there is inadequate parking for the clients. Yet there is a barely used parking lot across the street that the owner keeps closed.
The clinic space is too small for our group of physicians, residents and students.  The trainees need a place to store their gear and lock it up.  We need an area where we can teach.\\\The clinic only has one examination chair/table in the 5 rooms in which we see patients.  This does not promote good patient care.  (If I see an alcoholic, I cannot feel his liver....  If someone has chronic back pain, I cannot properly examine them)\\I spend the majority of my waking time at work.  I have an office without a window and all of our clinic space has no windows.  This is depressing.
Someone need to hold management responsible for the poor condition in patient care areas & poor response from engineering and environmental management.  These services don't conduct rounds on the unit, occasional quarterly rounds. They depend on the nurse managers and staff to report to issues to them.  We are caring for patients and working in an unkempt environment.   Staff work-chairs need to be changed before the become a safety hazard.   Their is no method or system to clean equipment such as wheelchair, BP-machines, EKG machines, Med-carts & Crash carts. They expect staff to clean.   There is lack of supervision and training. Some environmental workers are committed to work, but they don't know how to clean.
we have had a rodent issue with mice for at least the past 2 years
A few more small conference rooms would be helpful.  People tend to congregate in offices rather than the large conference rooms sometimes making it a little noisy.  Temperature is cold in the afternoons especially.\\It doesn't seem to have retained my agency, building info and won't let me fill it in again.
Work stations are too small.
We lack enough working equipment (faxes, photocopiers) to most efficiently perform our job functions.  The closest fax eats multiple pages which is not then a simple refax, but a new print of the fax cover sheet, requiring additional input.  The closest photocopier is halfway across the building.  The exercise is great but the waste of time is not.  The light switch for the our row is best accessed by a contortionist.  It is stuck right up against a pod on an inside section of the post rather than on the aisle where it should be.  The noise levels are stressful.  Noise from all areas are invasive and interfere with concentration.  Noise from the microwave and adjacent pods is distracting. Very often, the person on the other end of the telephone call will ask about other conversations by neighbors working with their callers.  I believe this is a possible PII problem.  We repeat sensitive information such as bank routing and account numbers to verify accurate input.  Also, the adjacent pod phone interviews with customers can be distracting.  I choose to wear headphones when not on a call myself to offset the distractions.
The inside of the building is well kept.  The constant noise from the HVAC is quite annoying and loud on the 8th floor.  Unfortunately the temperature isn't well regulated in ICU, air conditioning is on in the winter and heat is on in the summer despite numerous work orders placed or calls made.  Have had my office moved three times in last 6 years and am going to be moving again soon.
There is no security here other than locked doors, which can be quickly overrun if an intruder or group desired. Open counter, once people are let into the building, we have no idea what they may be carrying. A sign that states it is a weapon free zone does not help much.
The ORF building maintenance team is always reacting to issues rather than performing preventive maintenance.  There seems to be an excessive amount of personal breaks during the day and a lack of urgency on responding to issues.  The maintenance team could be better supervised.
open workspaces are too noisy.  Can't concentrate. you hear everyone's phone conversations.
All workstations should automatically come with height adjustable desks.  It should no longer have to be a special request or based on medical need.  The restrooms are embarrassing.  They are often dirty, out of supplies, the soap dispensers barely work if there does happen to be soap that day, the stall doors don't latch, and it is very common to see roaches and other bugs crawling on the floor.
We used to have a regularly assigned housekeeping staff member.  Now it is a different person every day, most coming up with no previous knowledge of the lab.  Since the lab is very big, some projects take a couple of days to fit in between the daily cleanings.  These large projects are not even attempted.  Also, since we have elderly male outpatients that use the patient restrooms to collect urine and stool specimens, if they miss the toilet the restroom will need to be cleaned quickly so we can get it back in service.  This usually needs to be done 4-5 times a day.  Having a housekeeper for only a couple hours a day means a soiled restroom may need  to be out of service for hours.
At our most recent fire drill, the building could not get the elevators to operate for 20 minutes once the building reopened, and then only one or two elevators worked at a time while hundreds of people waited to get back to work.  It would be useful to have the option to use the stairs.
This building is really old. Owners do just enough to keep us from moving, but as little as possible. during our recent contract renewal, the owner was supposed to replace the entire roof. instead, they just re-roofed. so, we still have roof leaks every time it rains. we still don't have panic buttons in the interview stations, some of the window shutters are not working properly or not at all. the parking lot needs resurfaced, not just sealed. Parking is limited, half the employees have to park on the street. I cannot fathom why our office, as a level one district office, rents an old run down building. whereas, our level two offices, with less than half the employees, are in federally owned buildings? Oh, and did I mention the internet and power services here totally suck? when I tried to submit this survey, an error msg popped up that it "couldn't find an internet connection!"
Outside of office windows are in dire need of cleaning .
There are more cubicles than offices in the building. People with all different types of jobs are placed in cubicles. By nature, some jobs require frequent phone conversations or people stopping by the cubicle to conduct business. Other jobs require quiet and concentration. The cubicle environment can be very distracting for someone who needs a quiet place to work when others around them need to be vocal to work.
The office is extremely dusty and I'm unsure if it is vacuumed regularly.  In the parking garage, stuff is falling off walls and ceiling and blowing around.  The bathrooms need ventilation.  The cafeteria workers come to work when sick and use the same gloves handling food and money.  Have bought fruit in cafeteria that was moldy twice.  The outside security officers should not be standing around joking and on their phones - not very alert.  The inside guards should be more alert and ready.  I'm pretty sure that if someone wanted to shoot their way into the front door they would be able to because no one is standing guard, just sitting around visiting too much.
Staff and Supervisors who actually supervise people, need to have an office with a room where they can close a door to discuss personnel issues. I have noticed that most Gov. office buildings are getting away from this type of design. It makes dealing with personnel issues very difficult for these managers & supervisors.
It is extremely difficult to get environmental issues resolved.  There are to many different departments who do not take accountability to resolve issues, and do a poor job of deferring you to the appropriate department responsible for resolving environmental issues.  Housekeeping and maintenance services within the common areas is extremely poor.  Housekeeping and maintenance services within the patient care areas is also very poor.  Delays in resolving issues in consistent and ongoing.
We are no longer in "surge" but experiencing multiple days where upstairs vending machines are not being stocked, especially DP
There are no ADA parking spaces near the north entrance of the building. There should be ADA parking spaces near EACH entrance. When the parking lot requires maintenance/resurfacing, this should be taken into consideration and resolved. Thank you.
Break room cleanliness is questionable and we've had a broken refrigerator for months now.
Need better recycling.  Also, please ask the cleaning crew to not use as much plastic as they do.  There is no need to replace a plastic bag in a trash can that only has one crumpled piece of paper in it!
Not in a office, but in a storage room/work area
I can easily hear people working in other cubicles or from the office next door.
The cubical desk height is really low, I cannot sit comfortably in my chair, I have to have the height setting of my chair all the way down.  In a comfortable sitting position my knees hit the underside of the desk, and sitting at a comfortable distance from the desk service, my feet and legs hit the side of the adjacent cubical wall.  The width of the desk surface is too shallow, it needs to be wider/larger.  The iso-cubicals are too small, I feel crammed into a miniscule space.  It should be noted that I'm 5'8" and 185 lbs, I'm an average sized adult, and these cubicles feel like they are designed for smaller high-school aged students.  I feel more isolated and cutoff from my team than ever.  There is limited natural light, those lucky enough to have an iso-cube next to the window, get too much direct sunlight, so they close the blinds, which eliminates the natural light for those who sit further away from the exterior of the building. It would have been better if the builder had used some kind of light-tube technology to help bring in more natural light to the center of the building.
Small office with small meeting table with desk that faces away from the door.  As a manager it would be nice to have enough space to have just a little more room for meetings and to be able to have a desk that doesn't face away from the door.
We have been working for almost two years with GSA to construct a new security gate at our facility in Hagerstown.  GSA has been unresponsive to our request.  My staff continues to be very concern about their safety.  We need this issue resolved immediately.
The remodeled building is aesthetically pleasing.  It is strange to me that the offices and conference rooms are not sound proof and that the carpets are a light color that seem to accentuate stains.  The elevators are a little spotty.  That being said, I do like my office space and the community spaces in the building. I'm pleased we have a café too.
The building went through an analysis and a new office was to be constructed but it was not funded.  The existing office has a variety of issues.  People are stationed in the basement because space is limited.  Work areas through the office is not accessible for disabled. The office is really a beautiful place and nice to see.  But, there is lead issues with the water, the office is isolated so safety is a concern.  There have been past mold issues and so on...
7 North nurse's station is not cleaned by housekeeping.  They only clean the floors, not the desks or computers.
The room I am in was not meant to house multiple people and the furniture provided does not fit the room.
It is very difficult to do complex analyses when in a cubicle because you are interrupted by personal conversations and work related phone calls for over 30 people.
The cleaning staff are extremely pleasant, professional and attentive. I appreciate the services they provide during the day work hours. Mr. Dixon and the  young lady (security) that come at 3:00p are the BEST!!! Very responsive, professional, diligent, king, engaging and aware. Great folks!!
I think your selections to pick on survey are very poor. There is a lot between somewhat and extremely.
Office and clinic not cleaned well. Too nosey from those that share office and from the clinic. Copier is in office so people are in and out. Wallpaper and paint has not been updated for at least 20 years (I started 20 years ago and it is the same). When doors are locked from resident's alarm unable to get in main doors of CLC. Badges don't work. Have to call and wait for staff to come and clear alarm (may take up to 10-15 minutes for someone to show).
Building outside is beautiful, but sometimes there is a lot of trash from visitors and homeless.  Some of the bathrooms are not in great repair, others smell.  The public space is beautiful and well maintained.
Recent removal of trees and grass, and replacement with artificial turf (and no trees) is a terrible exterior choice and public presence for a federal agency, but is even worse for one (National Park Service) that is all about being an example for environmental sensitivity and sustainability.\\Use of cleaners and other building maintenance products should be environmentally sensitive, and scent free, as intense chemical cleaners are irritating for many people, including workers.\\The building has public exterior doors without accessible entry features.\\We continue to experience periodic interior flooding into work and storage spaces, computers etc due to plumbing problems.
There is an odor of mold, mildew, and dampness on the 7th floor green corridor since water damage earlier in 2018. Each time it rains or as the temperature fluctuates, the smell and air quality appears to change. Also, the restrooms could be cleaner with better ventilation. They become an issue as the day progresses in the high traffic areas (center of building by elevators).\\Department of Commerce, U.S. Census Bureau, HQ, Suitland, MD: the drop downs in the beginning are not working.
I wish it were more a collaborative work station. I'm closed off from everyone on my team.
WOULD LIKE TO OPEN ONE SIDE FOR THE LIGHT OF WINDOE TO COME IN
The fact we do not have higher walls on our cubicles influences the level of noise - and we are on a main aisle leading to an exit door.
Poor to no ventilation. Can't close door to keep out hallway noise because temperature rises even higher in my office when door is closed. I can hear people in the hallway and offices to my left, right, and behind me.
The building is fine but another food vendor to replace Cowboy Ed would be ideal. Cowboy Ed (owner of Cowboy Ed's café) is inconsistent with his pricing (favoring frequents guest w/ lower pricing), he's extremely rude at times and has showed hostility towards minorities\\Drop Down location didn't save: Dept. of Transportation: FAA- 10101 Hillwood Parkway, Fort Worth, TX 76177
The scale of the furniture is too small limiting the workspace counter.  Specifically, the upper cabinets are too close to the counter area.  This problem is only in the single use office spaces.  The cubicles are nicely designed.  In addition, the single use office space has dry erase boards that are positioned above the very-desk.  This doesn't allow an individual to raise the desk at all.  The other big complaint is conference rooms have not been set up properly with video conferencing system that works.  It is extremely limiting while holding a virtual meeting.
Considering that people are cleaning this building ALL day, this building is so disgustingly dirty. The people that empty your trash cans DONT put in clean bags, they just dump the trash out. There are coffee spots that are years old. The area where the public comes in, has dirty floors, coffee spots all over. No one mops the floors. The walls have splatters ALL over them, they are never cleaned, the base boards are disgustingly dirty. The elevators are always broken. I asked a maintenance worker when they would be fixed and he said he didn't know they were broken. At that point, they had been broken for over 3 months.
Carpets  need a good cleaning. and bathrooms are very smelly
Partitions would be nice to help control noise and Veteran privacy.
It is a former patient room in our hospital that was not retrofitted in any way.  I still have sink, power panels, over the bed lights, etc in my office.  It is small and doesn't allow a meeting area away from my desk.  It is extremely unattractive and I am a service Chief who needs to meet with vendors, employees, etc.  I hate my office and it makes me feel like no one cares
There are no security cameras outside of this building and not enough lights outside. When leaving in the evening or coming in early morning, there is poor visibility due to no lights. There is no security personnel at this site.
Aaron Rock refuses to return calls and makes appointments but does not keep the appointments and is very unprofessional.
As mentioned, I share a workspace with a structure pillar.  I know it has to go someplace, but maybe they could have laid out a floor plan where the pillar is located in a closet / utility room.  I have a full size desk and it makes the space feel very cramped.
It is overall a nice space and building. The downtown location is good, but the neighborhood is getting a little seedy. For the building itself, uneven temperatures are my only complaint, particularly after cold or hot weekends.
The workspace is fine, but the building design is impractical and we've lost common work areas (e.g., team rooms) because they've been converted into offices.
No enough working space or LOCKED accessability
Too little storage space for documents and reference material.
office not set up to meet safety standards, desk very large unable to correct position of it to make for easy exit if needed during hostile situation.\\many wires under desk laying on floor which is a safety hazard.
Radio Technicians need a LOT of workspace - We spend a lot of time on the phone, often in conference calls; the project work that we must accomplish requires pre-construction and testing of radio equipment, which can take up a lot of space. The equipment by itself is sometimes large enough to fill up a large garage. When working on equipment that will need to be installed at multiple sites, the space requirements can get quite large. We also must install, maintain and repair radios in Forest Service vehicles - some of these are large fire equipment vehicles, so again, space can get eaten up extremely fast. Availability of phones, network, office space, and bathrooms at the same site is critical to work efficiency.
Overall really good office space, sometimes A/C doesn't work too well but they just installed a new HVAC system so that should fix that problem.
temperature in building is inconsistent from one end of the building to the other. the carpet is molding. the air has mold. the ceiling tiles have mold. the ceiling tiles have hold water stains. yes they just painted and now the paint colors don't match- not a big deal but not sure why white paint to cover up would have just done the trick. we need a secure employee parking lot and more spaces for employees as when we have to park in the general parking lot and have to go to our car for lunch/or leaving for the day or even entering it is not safe we get approached and cameras do not face our cars for safety. parking lots are always trashed.  for the business of our particular office we need more windows at the front to help the traffic in the office. I appreciate 3 guards in the building but 1 outside is needed also or they need to go outside and check our cars more, there have been insistence where claimants have video taped our cars and license plates and we have had flyers on our cars. we also need a gate or stickers so the guards know our vehilces and can tell when a claimant parks in our lot vs the general lot
As a mobile employee, I use the Bookit system to reserve my workspace which is an adjustable work station. I love the flexibility the system allows and I love my workspace when I am in DC.
Exterior seating is made of stone and has stains of food oils and other crud from people who eat and make a mess, which does not get clean on a regular basis, i.e., at least weekly, consequently potentially staining profession clothing.  \\Blinds need to be repaired or replaced.\\Paper towels should be filled regularly especially in the kitchen areas.  \\Thank you.
The A/C is finally dead and we've had no word from  management about when it will be fixed. The carper replacement has started and now stopped. It is still gray and smelly.
Would like a bigger office
I have been in the building almost 20 years.  GSA doesn't give a rats behind they just want to collect their commission.  The only time GSA comes to look at a building is when we called them with little result of their visit.  While I fill out these surveys I realize they will result in nothing.  I would be better off printing the survey and using the survey to line a bird cage.  Does GSA even understand the concept of customer service?  After 20 years of horrible service I would say not.  There should be a GSA person in every federal building then they would experience what their customers do.  But GSA would rather tout the office of the future where everyone teleworks and the customers are completely ignored.  Sorry if the facts upsets GSA story line.
THE SPACE IS TOO SMALL FOR THE PEOPLE WE HAVE.
ELEVATORS ARE DANGEROUS -RARELY DO WE GO 1 WEEK + WITHOUT A FEDERAL OR LOCAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE GETTING TRAPPED IN A ELEVATOR THAT MOVES UP AND DOWN WHILE YOU ARE TRAPPED IN THE ELEVATOR.
We have windows in our pods we are not allowed to cover but yet a fuss is made over bills that come off the printer (upside down) in a locked building, where only people with clearance are allowed to be in, and MUST be picked up off the printer immediately or the QA officer "dings" us.  It is nonsense. Also the roof leaks (billing is on the 4th floor) when it rains heavy..this has been an ongoing issue since I started 6 years ago and I have to wonder how well the area above was dried out each time?  Those of us with low immune systems and allergy issues are continually sick.
The VA police are wonderful. It's the regulations that keep them from protecting the staff and visitors at the VA. The VA open door policies and code green response places staff and visitors at risk. VA campuses should be more secure and nurses should not have to be thrown into hand to hand combat. Times are changing and security should change with it.
I would like to see pivoting faucets put in the pantries. Right now there is no way to make sure that food debris gets rinsed into the disposal without putting one's hand in the sink (an unsanitary practice). \\Also, the water in the women's restroom (Knox 3C) is too warm. There is no way to adjust the temperature. It gets hot too quickly. I am not the only one who has noticed this.
Would appreciate more open collaborative office environment
need space for additional work stations\The parking needs to be addressed.  There is a need for additional parking spaces as well as maintain a safe parking lot during the winter months.  There has been many falls due to failure to salt and keep the lot cleared.  A Covered parking structure would be beneficial for safety and space.
I'm a provider. My concerns are:\1. The exam/office dual purpose room floors are rarely swept or mopped.\2. The setup of the exam rooms has the provider's back to the door. This is a safety concern.\3. Some of the exam rooms I work in have the patients crowded into a small space in a corner. This is a comfort concern.
Bathrooms often are out of supplies and there is no ventilation.
The building is often way too warm, particularly in the morning on the 14th floor. Meanwhile, the 7th floor is very cold. The upper floors are too hot because the heat rises, and there needs to be a better job circulating the air.
Noise levels from adjacent neighbors is fairly loud through cubicle walls. Space could use a door for more privacy as well.
I have extra furniture that just takes up space. I am unable to hang guitars I use for my music group on the walls due peoples fears of having to replace a panel.
The set up of my cubicle is  bad set up - would prefer to have my side walls switched.
Feels like we are in a sardine can.  We sit on top of each other and the noise level is very distracting all the time.  When you get multiple people interviewing at their desks and at the front counter it makes it very hard to hear.
Not very efficient use of space. Could be reconfigured better.
with all of the phone calls in our department having six people in a small office it gets very loud and hard to concentrate when we are all talking on the phone.  It is also a question of HIPPA with everyone being able to overhear our conversations.
not enough counter space to work on. most of the space is taken by the computer, phone, etc. so space is limited for paperwork, reviewing files, etc.
Cannot change the desk configuration.  Should be able to get the setup changed.
I simply cannot believe that GSA opted to place a small federal office in the middle of a U-Haul compound - can you say Oklahoma City bombing? Consider GSA on notice.  This office is too far away from our central office which is where our third level supervisors are, the gym, the cafeteria, and most importantly - the Employee Assistance Program services.  The toilets clog, the parking lot floods, the ceiling has leaked to the point the building was closed for several days due to flood damage. Parking is an issue - the parking spaces are way too small no matter how perfectly you park you cannot open your door the entire way to get out of your vehicle, much less carry a purse and laptop out of your car. And we have a rodent problem.
I am dis-satisfied with having to reserve a work space daily.
The building staff assigned to my workplace provide outstanding customer service and all have the most pleasant disposition!
We only get our trash and recycling taken out once a week. That's gross.  I have not had my trash taken out in months.  I do not know the schedule.  I take it out myself.  \\I have not had my office vacuumed in months.
The street coming into our building is a private road which is shared between this agency and CBP. There is a safety concern because the street gets blocked by people visiting the other building. The local police department say that they cannot do anything because it is a private road. Not only has it caused the easements to get destroyed, but if they is an emergency, EMS will have a difficult time getting to our location.\Our security gate have been getting stuck on a regular basis. Our facility does not have a security guard to monitor who drives in when these gates are inoperative.
We need a barrier wall between the public and the staff
Years without working elevators.  How many tickets do one has to open to get it fix!!!   The lighting inside the offices is terrible; causes headaches.  GSA is IRRESPONSIBLE!!
We are crammed into a very tight work area, with very little to no personal space. Talking on the phone is difficult because veterans can hear the other person's conversation.
Building is in a good location with easy access to highways to get to the entire area.
I don't understand why GSA does not pay for paper towels in the common kitchen areas. I think it's ridiculous that I need to contribute money for them.
The cubicles do not provide any sound dampering. I can hear all conversations that my coworkers have, whether personal or work related. To be a good coworker, I reserve a conference room for all scheduled conference calls (currently a minimum of three a week).
The audio visual equipment in the common seminar rooms is frequently mal functioning, and getting help to correct the problem in a timely fashion is problematic. This is a big problem when attempting to give lectures requiring data presentation.
An issue we have deals with the enclosed space behind the building.  The gate has caused injuries and is unreliable in extreme weather conditions.  We have been requesting a change for over a year.\But if we need something done in the building itself, it is done very quickly.\\We could use more back room space.
If you need to share with others, there is no space in your workstation for anybody to sit/stand.
The GSA NCR ROB needs a lot of love and care in the form of an upgrade. The building management teams does an awesome job remedying issues as they arise and they do their best with what they are given but their limited budget prevents them from executing the necessary upgrades across the building. They are also understaffed for the size of the facility's footprint especially given the continuous issues this building has.\If money isn't allocated to upgrade the functionality and aesthetics of the building then, demolish it and build a new facility. The ROB floors are vastly different from one another because tenants over the years have morphed spaces to accommodate their needs thereby making the building more like a maze than a building. The building dips in elevation in the center of the facility, the hallway tiling is uneven and chipping, there is visible wall damage in various hallways were quick patch work repairs were conducted, the facility itself (minus the guest entryway) looks like it came from the 1940s or the late 80's/early 90's, the elevators are constantly acting up, and cleaning service for enclosed spaces is hit or miss.
the building is nice. sometimes the grounds on the side and front of the building need to be cleaned up more. the halls near the elevators usually has a not so pleasant smell. the accessible bathrooms are always out of service, they've currently been down for 3 months now. although the marta garage elevators doesn't belong to the building, they are attached and they are always filthy, with a bad stench. the building security in the main lobby entrance is always pleasant and helpful. our personal security in our reception area is not so good. she's very loud, watches movies loud without headphones, always on the phone and has it on speaker, eats at the desk and leaves a unpleasant smell in the common area when guest arrive. she leaves a lot and is gone for hours at a time.
I love my office just do not have a key to lock the door for PII if I step out but my cabinets do lock when leaving for the day.
We have a bug and spider problem in this building that needs to be addressed....there are even bugs in the fridge
The furniture is so old and uncomfortable.  They move furniture from office to office.  Never trying to replace them to decent ergonomic furniture.   Desk levels are too low or chairs are too high. \\Very old furniture not very comfortable to work with.  Most chairs are broken.  They don't go up or they come down as you sit. \\It is horrible working furniture and the carpet hasn't been cleaned in years .
my workspace is very small with very little available work area and storage space.  I am forced to store boxes under my work area by my feet.  irs-ci need more space than other workers based on evidence obtained in investigations, and the need to review the evidence.
If the building could be kept up it would be nicer, it seems as though the janitors don't have time to really clean the spaces, they hit the main spots waiting rooms and bathrooms but in our individual treatment rooms they are filthy, dirt in corners, wax drops splashed up on cabinets and base of chairs, tile is discolored, marks on the wall, base boards dirty, This is in all the rooms
The building is nice and the cleaning staff does a good job.  My concern is I heard that the mold is back on the 2nd floor and some co-workers have been having health issues.  This is a major concern.
The new restrooms have no ventilation and the toilet seats have been removed by supervisors because the plumbing backs up\  It has been that way for several years now with no fix at the Limo yard (SSD)
The vent are hot or cold and adjustments to the temperature by management only increase the problem since there is a blast of hot or cold air once the adjustment is made. The air coming from the vents is old air that is circulated in the building which is unhealthy at best. This issue isn't addressed in the Union for our agency so that leaves it up to (?) to fix this problem. Left to management to ask for this issues be addressed, when asked. I am told that it is a Union matter, they don't have the authority to address the health and welfare of the workers.
The bathrooms are on the opposite side of the building from where the majority of us work.
no drawer space. just file cabinets
The lighting in our department is too bright.  Most of us are putting up shades over our desks to block the light.  The lights are so bright they are fading our colored folders that sit on our desks.  Brought this up in meetings but nothing getting done.  Numerous employees are getting headaches daily from the lighting.  Ventilation is very bad.  The air is stale and dust flies out-not healthy to inhale.
the noise level is overbearing
We are in an old modular building that was put up after the earthquake in 1989.  I don't think these buildings were meant to be here this long.  Needless to say the SMOKING shack is right outside our building so many days I can smell the smoke coming through to my office.  I don't think it's right to be subjected to second hand smoke all day.  Also the heating and cooling is never consistent although the engineer Patrick has been trying very hard.  I think it's just a poor system.  Also, we believe there is a lot of dust and who knows what else coming through the vents.
With all these empty cubicles and open space, why can't we get bigger cubicles with more shelves, file & work space?
Staff do not have enough restrooms. Staff and the public share 1 restroom and there is one restroom on the unit for staff.  Personally I've suffered multiple UTI's from not having access to a restroom during the day.  There is no ventilation in any of the restrooms. The restrooms are unsanitary and smell all the time.  Carpets in offices are an infection control issue.  Cleaning crews are inconsistent and overly involved with patients.  Cloth chairs in conference rooms are an infection control issue.  There are not enough accessible sinks to be able to wash hands to keep infection control in tact.
No workable desk space for notebooks, writing pads, etc.  Monitors are too big and too close cause eye strange.  This will cause medical issue in the future.
The landscaping of the grounds was an improvement to the overall exterior aesthetics.  There is a need for pathways for people to get from the parking lot (especially the outer lots) to the building.  It isn't safe to walk on the roadway with cars.  The interior floors in the common areas, such as hallways, really need to be mopped.  There are all kinds of spills and gunk on the floor.
seated away from my unit which we are spread between two buildings and two other modules.
Overall, I've been satisfied with the conditions here in Skyline.  Most of issues are handled or submitted by our Contracting section and issues are generally solved.  There still seems to be an ongoing issue with cracked concrete in the garages (1,2,3)\\Thank you,
The room was initially designed as a storage room, but there are three people in the room. There are no barriers or sound proofing. IT IS CONSISTENTLY HOT IN THE ROOM!!! And we have had problems with the AIR QUALITY in that room.
I don't think my thoughts, feelings or concerns are really that important.
The biggest concern from the past year has been the accidental gunshots on the 3rd floor from the SSA IG's office. It concerns me that there are tenants who are gunowners who do not use proper gun safety, which creates an atmosphere that feels unsafe.
It is hard to work in the cubicle environment without noise cancelling headphones on.
There is no satisfaction.  Scanners are noisy, copy machines are noisy, hard to hear if you must answer telephone.  The office is not designed with professionalism in mind.  The office is a factory in a warehouse.
Better toilet paper, please! :)
FEMA HQ/ 500 C Street floors are dangerous. There is one entrance/exit for an entire office crammed full of employees in an open workspace. There is no way out or exit if there were a fire or security incident. Not enough closed spaces to hide in the event of security incident, and illness is a constant issue. Shared spaces breed germs and the poor ventilation and odor doesn't help!
Greetings, I have limitations walking so using a scooter is imperative for me when attending outside meetings in other State Annexes.  However, it is difficult to get between the rail with the door being so close also trying to get in and out of the door when entering or exiting the garage.   Unfortunately, I have hit my knee and twisted my foot several times trying to get through before the automatic door closes in front of me or behind me when I am exiting the building entering the garage.    Respectfully Robin Gaither.
The facility is dark, filthy, and difficult to navigate just to get into the mine to do our jobs. Workers provide our own soap because the dispensers are either broken or unfilled. One of the toilet tanks in the women's bathroom was duct taped so it would stay together. Recently, it appears to have been glued to keep part of the tank top from falling on the floor. The smell of the bathrooms and the mine overall is awful and frequently smells like sewage. There's no moving air to help with how hot it can be sitting in certain areas even though it can get very cold in other areas. The exposed pipes tend to have condensation that drips on the people who work below. It's a terrible place to work.
N/C
system to raise and lower desk is outdated.  it should not take 2 minutes to crack the desk up and down.    Chairs are bad for ergonomics.  Chairs are barstools that do not allow feet to sit flatly on floor. Not enough regular desk level chairs.
The attempt to force three people into what has been a two person office since the building was constructed will destroy productivity.
MY DISSATISFACTION WITH THE NOISE LEVEL STEMS PRIMARILY FROM THE CLOSE PROXIMITY OF OUR FRONT-END INTERVIEWING SPACES TO ONE ANOTHER AND THAT WE HAVE TO SPEAK AT A VOLUME SO AS TO BE HEARD BY OUR VISITORS THROUGH PLEXI-GLASS SHIELDS.  THE LIGHTING IS A PROBLEM BECAUSE LOOKING AT A COMPUTER SCREEN ALL DAY UNDER BRIGHT LIGHTS CAUSES EYE IRRITATION. NEITHER OF THE AFOREMENTIONED ITEMS ARE UNBEARABLE BUT ARE SIMPLY NUISANCES THAT I THINK COULD BE FIXED WITHOUT INCURRING MUCH COST OR DISRUPTING PRODUCTIVITY
The temperature in the gym is too hot.
The new combination collaboration center and common eating area in our building is an excellent option and a welcome change.
Multiple testing operations, planning, meetings, personal study and preparation, reading, eating, breaks all in the same small area
none
USFS building - Dispatch Center
My only concern is the air conditioning service in the 7th floor. Is too hot.
sometimes there is too much trash outside the building
The cash register paper used for toilet paper is a source of literal irritation.
This is a really old building and I have concerns that it may not be up to safety and health code.  I prefer to see and possibly be able to talk with my teammates.  I also would prefer a chair that doesn't progress to the floor while I am sitting in it, and I'm only 135 lbs.  I like having lights on my work, especially when the overhead lights stop working when there is no activity for 15 minutes. I like being close to the sensor in my area so I can reactivate the overhead lights without going down the hall.  I like having desk work area on both sides of a computer.
Many of the old elevators in this building need to be replaced or overhauled. Temperature variability in different rooms continues to be an issue. While very clean all-around I think we need to have vacuuming more than is done currently.
SOMETIMES IN THE MORNING THE AIR TEMPERATURE IS WARM IN MY WORK AREA.
My office is great!
Shared office space leads to reduced productivity. Also, I have filled this survey out several times, and our bathroom still looks like it's from 1930. Don't really see the point in filling these out, but I guess it gives someone a job to compile the report, and gives another a job to review the report, and another group a job to have meeting to discuss the report, and a job to assemble a committee to aggregate all the reports to report the findings and on and on and on.
The Scowcroft building is a horrible place to work.  I believe it is a health hazard with the age of the building, reported mold, water in the basement, smells due to belts burning due to lack of maintenance and it either being way too hot or cold.  I do not think this should be a building that we should be required to work in and the building owner does not have our best interest in mind either.
Why can't all the soap dispensers be filled?  Why is only 1 or 2 filled?  Also, the sanitizer dispensers need to be filled up.  Especially on the 3rd floor and 3B.
The temperature control and air circulation in my building is very poor.  We have complained about this for years and the building owner and facility staff don't appear to care - they do nothing to fix the problem.  It's a disgrace.  Offices are hot in summer and have little to no air circulation to very cold in the winter.  Wearing a winter jacket at your desk is non-productive.
The air conditioning needs to be fixed permanently in this building so as to avoid having the Veterans sweat and overheat. Also, the temperature should be individually controlled, as some rooms run hotter than others.
Lots of people make a huge effort to provide safety, resources (water, electric), cleanliness and I truly appreciate all that they do.  Coming to work knowing the lights go on, the toilet is clean, reduces stress and increases my comfort levels!  Thanks to all that make this happen every day - consistent and much appreciated!
Need bigger cubicle to perform engineering related work such as need space to review drawings and references, monitors, storage area, etc.
Our building lacks emergency lighting on any floor in the event of a power failure. We have had several instances when power was switched from public to generator provided during various tests and the Terrace level of 5625 Fishers lane is complete darkness. The illuminated exit signs go dark when the power is cut and there are no windows aside from a single entrance that is quite far from my work area. To safely evacuate the floor is very dangerous. I find it hard to believe this is a legal situation and assume it is an oversight however no one seems to be able to get emergency lighting installed.
Our Collbran Job Corps Center buildings are old. The electrical capacity in some buildings are at the maximum usage. We do a wonderful job of maintaining our facilities and grounds. New construction, electrical upgrades and other improvements are needed. I love our Center. We just need the funding to upgrade and make the necessary improvements.
Just because there are standards on how many handicap parking spaces a building should have, doesn't mean that more handicap spaces can not be marked.  It is ridiculous the distance a handicap person has to walk to get to the building.  More handicap spaces need to be allotted, and not by the number of people in the building, but by the number of employees that NEED the handicap spaces.  If we could designate spaces for CFC Parking for spaces for 7-8 cars for a whole year, there's no reason closer handicap spaces can not be assigned.  \\The housekeeping is not designed for our work hours.  When they come within an hour of your work day and empty the garbage, then for the rest of the 8-9 hours you have garbage sitting around until the next morning.  There is no dusting or vacuuming done on any kind of schedule.  Vacuuming and dusting should be done in the early hours and then collect garbage later in the day.  There seems to be a large turn over of employees for the housekeeping crew.  We've had several that were great workers and friendly employees, and those were the ones always getting fired.  For the longest time the 2 supervisors would sit in the cafeteria all day while the cleaning crew worked the building.  That seems to have changed, but now they just follow the crew around, and don't lend a hand during the work day, too often.  \\With the design of the building/parking lot/access doors, if employees are cutting across the lawn to enter the building, then make that a sidewalk.  don't tell employees not to walk a certain area.  It is evident a need for a sidewalk in that area is needed.\\The rain puddles on the sidewalks and parking lot so by the time you get to the building you shoes/pants are soaked from walking through all the standing water.  They evidently tried once to correct that situation, but to no avail.
GSA allowed management to add an extra, unnecessary executive suite, because the original executive suite did not fit the delusions of grandeur of our then RD.  Inserting that suite caused several workstations, including mine, to be truncated.  These workspaces are supposed to be standard sizes.  They are not.  I am senior staff, I have a much smaller cube than any of the other staff here.  It was GSA's responsibility to prevent this from happening.
No privacy for phone calls.  Can't use speaker phone.  No headsets provided in work space.  The open workspace is counter productive.
Better use of color, art and plants would improve my overall satisfaction. The space is currently very plain and out dated.
Walls are paper-thin -- it's like the walls aren't there at all. I cannot concentrate in an environment where I can hear the conversations of everyone around me.
The DOE AMA organization always does an exceptional job of managing the Federal Building.  Specifically, John Shewairy and Greg Hamby are both very committed to making sure the Building is maintained to the highest quality standards.
Everything is great, Except There is Not a Contract Cleaner, There use to be one there, and we have contract cleaners at all of our other hub sites.
Building Manager is very slow to respond to simple request, such as changing out soiled Ceiling Tiles in Hearing Rooms.  Plumbing Issues, A/C issues, Door tumbler/closing issues (public access).  Our previous Guard refused to raise the Flag, so now we have no one on Flag Detail.  Lights need to be replaced.  Frayed Carpet hasn't been replaced (tripping hazard).  I'll stop for now.
Paper products often missing.
Cubicle spaces are entirely too small and there is not enough desk work space with multiple monitors, computer docking station and laptop and phone.  Cubicle etiquette does not exist and noises from adjacent cubicles makes it hard to concentrate at work.
You can hear everyone talking and walking around. Very distracting.
The bathroom issue is my major concern. I think its disgusting that we only have our bathrooms cleaned twice a day when hundreds of people are using them per hour.
urinal always stinks and one of the sinks only works intermittently the sinks automatic water turn on is a pain in the ass
Our office space is old and outdated, unwelcoming for employees and veterans.  The overall space and aesthetic is not motivating (dull colors, dirty). We do not have enough single offices to meet with veterans individually.
GSA is extremely proactive in our real estates and services request.
This floor, the fourth floor, has never been renovated.  The seventh floor has been renovated and has a much nicer appearance.  This floor just seems like an old, government office building.  There are chairs and old copiers and printers stacked up in open rooms.  There are jammed sliding contract file storage cabinets.  Some of the conference rooms are dark inside.
Open workspace and hotel concept are not ideal for most of the federal government, they increase the sharing of noise and spreading of germs.
The cooling and heating is erratic.  It was almost 80 degrees in the offices yesterday.  (A few folks had thermometers).  We did not have problems when Joe Briner was the maintenance man for our building, or if there were problems, it was addressed right away.  Can't the building be set at 70 degrees all year around?\Another issue is the holes in the lobby area floor near the elevator on the 4th floor that have not been fixed and it's been over a year.  This could easily trip someone, especially a lady that wears high heels.
Could use more storage space.  Most of us stack boxes of paperwork next to the windows since the storage area is full.  The need for partitions that most people cannot see over is needed for PII, reduced ability to hear conversations regarding private matters (if we are on the phone, we need to make sure non-federal employees cannot hear PII), and the ability to store PII.  We need more secured storage area and a secure work space that includes a lower risk of security breaches due to verbal and visual access of PII.
I really like that my group is all housed together. We interact constantly.
Fix the HVAC so that it cools all the spaces in the building and not just along the windows. Sound proof the offices and meeting rooms.
The layout of the floor plan is a maze.  We have the worst space on the entire floor also near the kitchen and near the service elevator - many people leave trash by the service elevator and it is like navigating an obstacle course sometimes.  There are no windows.  There is only one small kitchen and one small bathroom - they are not big enough for the number of staff on the floor.
Some elevators are too quick to close. Do not like the big bulky furniture in my personal workspace.
Workstation is satisfactory. Having our office space divided into two sides is not satisfactory.
Building non conductive for the type of work do e in it.
I wish we didn't have to share a desk. Everyone should have their own workstation desk in my opinion.
EXTREMELY SATISFIED
Master Security does an excellent job.  My dissatisfaction is the lack of FPS presence\Cleaning company get 4.5 stars.\Carpets are worn out in NDC2
I'm concerned about the densification initiative that is starting up in RMB.  I don't want to feel like a mouse in a maze when I come to work and I am worried about loosing my privacy while at work.
I have none.
I have to be on the phone a lot. But because I'm in an open cubicle next to many people I am unable to use the speaker and have to be cognizant of my volume to limit disturbing my neighbors.
moveable deck so I don't have to keep signing in to different computer in different rooms
While I do not like hoteling, I have gotten used to it but would still like a locker large in the room or in a nearby area that is LARGE ENOUGH to accommodate my coat, purse, lunch bag and back-pack during the day.  Thank God, that theft is not a huge problem because all of our belongings have to be left out and unattended if we are in meetings.  The Zero wings need some TLC in the very old bathrooms, though they are for the most part clean. The cleaning crew does an excellent job!   ALL of the lunch rooms, and the common areas on the main level (F street side) are not inviting AT ALL. AND, the F street elevators must be updated. Lastly, Ice machines that dispense ice would be GREATLY PREFERRED over those units that allow EVERYONE to dig their germy hands and cups into.
The Department should be moved to a new building. The HUD building should be demolished. The brutalist, architectural design with heavy concrete walls out of the mid-1960's feels like a prison.  Many workers are no in the building, teleworking many days. The second floor has been remodeled and the 10th floor for senior leadership is relatively plush but the remain floors are depressing. New work space is being remodeled, first by those who control the budget and those involved in contracting. Roaches in the light fixtures, peeling paint, rusty partitions and cruddy fixtures in the restroom - too much. The alien space saucers out front complete the insult. The empty new cafeteria and failed "Starbucks coffee corner" is over the top. But I have a single person office for now :-)
The computer screen is positioned in a way where employees not seated by the windows look straight out at the walkway where co-workers are frequently passing. When seated, the front 'wall' is only about to chest level, so it's even lower than the computer monitor; its function isn't to provide privacy. To add to this issue, the printing station is in front of my cubicle - so there is a steady stream of people as they retrieve their print jobs/scan/shred/etc. Would prefer my back to the walkway or at least facing the side of everyone as they pass - instead of head on. If such an arrangement were implemented, it would still be possible to be social/communicate due to the layout being an open plan; however, distractions would be minimized. There wouldn't be a constant thought process as people pass of 'do I keep staring at my computer screen and be busy or do I glace up and say hi' etc. Employees located by the windows don't have this issue in that by facing the window, their backs are to anyone approaching.\\Regarding restrooms: They are located outside the secure space and are not locked which several employees have expressed as a potential security concern. \\Temperature is inconsistent: Hot in the winter (fans are needed) and freezing in the summer (space heater and several employees including myself keep a blanket at our desk). The drastic fluctuation temperatures are often uncomfortable; making it challenging to focus.
It's extremely cold in this office. There's lots of dust floating around with poor ventilation. People are constantly getting sick.
It's very nice to have an enclosed single-person office, particularly for phone calls. The halls are large, so it can be very loud in the hallway, but the offices are a great size.  \\The glass doors on the offices are a security concern for me.  We had an active shooter false alarm, and it definitely complicated the security. My office is on the first floor with more traffic in the hall outside, and I would feel more comfortable with a solid door if there were a security situation.
We don’t have he ability to control the brightness of the lights or the tempature on an individual level or even within our office. Sometimes the lights are on full blast and we have to wear sunglasses inside and we can’t fox it from our building! Also sometimes in winter it’s just too cold and we aren’t allowed to use space heaters.
There are 3 changes that would make our work space better:\1. We don't want to wash our lunch dishes in the bathroom sink. Can you install a sink on each floor of the Humphrey Building to wash our dishes? There is only one sink in the building for thousands of employees. \2. We would love a water dispenser that is for filling up water bottles. The Woodlawn CMS office building has it and we want the same. We buy lots of bottled water in the cafeteria that we would not buy if we had this water dispenser.\3. The window offices can change their temperature from hot to cold. The rest of the offices are often very cold, especially on Mondays. We are brining gloves and winter clothes to work so that we can work when it is very cold in the building. Our hands are especially cold and there is nothing we can do about it. Some people have space heaters and that helps. Thank you for your help with this!
The carpet in my office is disgusting with stains from the prior occupant OVER SIX YEARS AGO! Carpets in the suite are worn and stained.  Carpeting in the suite was replaced only on the path to the Under Secretary. \The pattern of the new hallway/common area carpeting does not match adjacent carpets.
I work from hoteling work space.
Our current workspaces do not have capacity for all of our people. Some of our people are on another floor in a group environment with many different groups. Our group should all be together in an enclosed space where we can comfortably talk amongst ourselves without being made to feel that we are a bother to everyone else whom don't seem to converse or enjoy comraderie with others in their group. A warehouse with cubicle farms would not be desireable on the Federal Center.
My office was not originally designed as an office ... it was storage ... it was later converted to office space that houses 4 people, including a manager's cube that should NOT have been built in such closed, confined space. :(
The handicapped door to the ladies' washroom on the 17th floor does not open properly and I have complained for months without any success.  I use a walker and it is very inconvenient to have to push the door open manually.\\Also the accessible stall in the ladies' room on the 17th floor has a wet floor almost all the time.   I do not know what is causing it but it has been like that for months.
Please note that I put in the wrong zip code and was unable to go all the way back to fix it.  The zip code is 22209.
I think my only comment would be the lack of paper towels in the break rooms.  There is never any paper towels.
I have no complaints with the condition of my workspace or my surroundings while at work. Issues that may arise are handled promptly and professionally. I am pleased with the processes that make my workspace a comfortable environment to perform my duties.
At this point in time, the parking space paint lines in the front parking lot are non existent.  We need the lines to be repainted so that people are not parking in two spots.  There is already a shortage of parking spaces due to the long job being done on the parking deck.  \\The elevators are in poor condition and also needs to be addressed.   People are afraid to ride the elevators alone in fear of getting stuck.  One day, I was stuck on the elevator for 45 minutes and this is happening to others as well on a weekly basis.
On really hot days, some areas of the building seem to be overly air conditioned.
I can't say enough about how great our GSA reps are here. We totally feel taken care of and the customer service is beyond excellent.
No hot water in the break room sink is dissatisfying and my operation included roughly 135 people so that cleaning the rest rooms only twice a day appears to be insufficient.  Outside of those items, I feel fortunate to work here.  Location to the BART is extremely beneficial.
This building was designed with very good and nice work spaces.  No complain.
Enforce non-smoking areas in front of outside doors on 3rd Floor (per Federal, State, City, and County Regulations), smokers are starting to use areas next to door entrances and leaving cigarette butts/trash, clogging outside water drains.
Drop the pretense that there is any historical value to the ancient systems and poor space utilization in this building and renovate it.  Your survey did not include electrical, but those systems are ancient as well.
The paper towel dispensers in the women's bathroom on the 7th floor of Building 71 have been broken for at least 3 years (either one or both at all times).  Why not replace the paper towel dispensers with dispensers that work?  We either can't get to the paper towels or have to put a roll on the counter, outside of the dispensers.  Also, everyone can hear everyone through these office walls, and sound echoes down the hallway; there should be more absorption of sound and privacy when talking.
several new physicians and nurse practitioners have been hired with no work space for them.  It makes it extremely difficult to care for patients in a timely manner.  There is also the issue of HIPPA when working in an open space with no privacy.
Our office was renovated and created less space for employees and more space for waiting area. At a time when the agency is trying to have fewer people in the waiting areas by having online services. It was a total disservice to the employees to take away work space. The heating issues in our renovated space have been ongoing. Half of the office is hot and half cold. DAILY maintenance personnel walk through our work space taking notes of various temperatures. DAILY and it never gets better! Still half the office hot and half the office cold. The daily walking through the office is disrupting and distracting.
Noise level is difficult to conduct  professional calls with State Agencies.\Competitive conversations makes concentration and focus difficult.
while there are partitions, there are still workplace distractions due to closeness of workspaces.
WE CAN HEAR EACH OTHERS CONVERSATIONS - NO PRIVACY
After hours if we call security from building 10 (where most staff members would be after hours in the Bethesda campus) we get a long wait since they have very few officers and all are stationed at building 31
I have heard that my personal workspace is to be changed to a workstation with partitions that most people can see over when seated, and that I will be grouped with others.  I may not even have a permanently assigned workspace any longer.  I do NOT want those changes.  My workspace is quiet and the high partitions allow me to focus on my work without being distracted by people passing in the public walkways or moving around their own workspaces.  I stand up and pace occasionally when on calls, and I wouldn't want to disturb others.  I like my workspace with tall partitions - please leave it that way!
My workstation is located in a common area where people traffic is constant. The noise level is unbearable at times and it's hard to get things done die to concentration factor.
The building is old and everything shows its age. The elevators are as old as the building except for the recent renovations. We only have four out of six elevators that work and usually one three are working at any given time.\The building interior is nasty, musty, dated. The tile floors are never cleaned properly and I have never experienced that the carpets have been cleaned. We have huge black spots in places that have been there at least four years. I don't think the A/C vents have ever been cleaned. Often debris and dust blow all over me and my workstation. Generally we have fluorescent lighting which is very inadequate and harmful to eyes and brain.\Any repairs that I have seen have been patch jobs so obvious that something went wrong later. We have ceiling tiles that show water stains for leaks from four years ago.\The building needs a complete revamp and refresh.\New management seems more business-oriented rather than people-oriented.
The elevators are badly programmed.  There should always be an open elevator waiting on the first floor. Sometimes there is an open on waiting when I arrive, but as soon as I get there, it closes, I have to go to the button to push it, then it opens again.  So annoying.  Should be seamless. \\The janitors and security staff are great.
The locker room showers have been closed and or inoperable for over a month.
The building is falling apart. There are holes in the walls, areas that are patched, dozens of projects always in progress, old and moldy carpets, ac/heat is always too much. It is too much to list. The aesthetic of the building is awful. The first floor is outdated. The third floor has dozens of lights out in any given area. The entire area looks sterile and makes many of our workers depressed
The multiple services presented  to Veterans in this location have exceeded the capacity of space. The option of acquiring a larger facility should be presented to Day treatment management.   There are various buildings available in the downtown central Arkansas area.  I'd suggest to select 3 top choices present them to current management and let them select which location would best fit the needs the programs presently functioning  and future programs for optimal success.
Extensive research by NASA and other organizations documents the ability of interior plants to clean indoor air of toxic contaminants such as formaldehyde and benzene. Plants also help to improve humidity and reduce dust and other airborne microbe levels in today's energy efficient buildings. Studies by Washington State University and others also document the positive effects of plants on student/worker productivity and stress recovery. Adding plants to the workplace and classroom can improve student and staff health, attendance, satisfaction, and morale.
My office is struck in the back room of another service and I have to enter\exit through this service's work area, which is filled with equipment and personnel.
I am a CSI field employee. I do not work in the district office but in the field.
.
Restrooms need renovation and more ventilation.
The common area in the building and outside are immaculate. We just have a issue with mold and leaks from some unknown source. Carpets get wet and look awful.
1. No one has any idea what the alternative options might be. We shouldn't have to complain or know how to solve the situations.\2. The copier machine breakdown situation is ridicilous. Areas around the copier are dirty and disorganized. No common staplers etc. No one assigned to be in charge--on a per floor basis-- of calling for someone to change the paper etc.\3. Is dusting a thing of the past? Could we at least be supplied with cleaning materials to dust off tables, lights that require ladders to reach, computer etc?\4. Does anyone wipe the windows now and then? \5. What is the air cleaning strategy?
Layout of open clinic areas, enclosed clinic rooms and personal offices are not conducive to current workloads and the amount of therapist that utilize the area.
Only a limited number of elevators seem to work on any given day causing huge delays getting around in the building and getting inside and outside the building.
No handicap accessible entrance. I have been in a cast or air cast for the past year, and trying to enter a building with two SACS entrances very difficult on a knee stroller. Would be impossible on a wheelchair. I was told I hadn't filled out the right form to request access! Give me time - I will. Right now I'm still at home recuperating from a second surgery.
File management and storage are both significant issues.\Every button in each elevator should work.  Elevator bell/indicator for every elevator on every floor should work.
Good location.  Good furniture.  The only problem is that the end of the suite where my office is located is consistently too cold (summer and winter).
The cleaning staff really need cleaning supplies for the restrooms. Its too nasy should be disinfected every day.
I'm extremely satisfied with my personal workspace. I have my own office!!!! I have to share a printer but that's not an issue.
No interior locks on the office door.
My personal workspace is good; however, the agency's workspaces and those of co-workers feel disconnected and spread out.
Too much noise, not clean, lighting is poor. Very hot or too cold. Chairs are bad...don't always have a place to work
More attention should be given to designing ergonomic workstations for the administrative personnel, as their jobs entail being seated at a given workstation for their entire tour of duty. The addition of adjustable lighting, for each work station, would also be beneficial.
I have never liked cubicle-land. I understand, though, that the newer alternatives are even worse - where you don't even have a regular desk - just plug in anywhere or work at home - or even much smaller cubicles. I miss the old days when I had my own office with a door that closed. Also, I don't like this new "thing" with the Forest Service, where offices are built out away from town in the middle of nowhere, where everyone has to commute in a car, and wasting good green space instead of using an empty building that's already there. One of our offices was built in a wet woodland - I don't at all understand why that was allowed. All efforts should be made to keep these buildings "green."
The air conditioning in our building breaks a lot.  Also, we just received notice that our cafeteria is closing.  It would be nice to have a cafeteria with a lot of selections.
Not enough workspace in my workstation since it is required that a large 4 cabinet be in the same area.  Makes one-third of the workstation not workable.
it's good
The vending machines are always broken and the vendor refuses to address it.
I sit at a desk the majority of the day - a standing desk where I could adjust positions periodically throughout the day would alleviate the back/shoulder fatigue I experience and would make me MORE PRODUCTIVE!!! Studies have show that not only does productivity increase in employees w/ standing desks, but overall emotional satisfaction increases!!! For the physical/emotional health of the VA employees and for the productivity of the VA, we should really all have standing desks unless otherwise contraindicated by medical problem.
Great cubicle with lots of natural light
Not a good atmosphere to get work done.  Air is unhealthy in winter and it affects the health of the employees.  Open workspace makes it difficult to concentrate - other employees are working just a few feet away.  The lack of common meeting areas limits effectiveness of teams.  There is little advantage to working in the office vs. teleworking.
The open workspace has grown on me and I'm satisfied with it.
Due to the duties performed by the Market Reporters, I feel that each reporter should have their own office within our workspace.  This is due to the volume of telephone calls each reporter has to make each week to perform his/her duties.  That would allow less distraction while on the phone.  We currently have cubicles that do not damper the sound well enough.
The parking lot is dangerous and nothing is done to correct it. I have addressed this every time I take this survey. This year, several people, including myself, were seriously injured from falling in the parking lot. I was told the area I fell in was going to be repaired. It hasn't been touched and there are areas mush worse than where I fell. This is truly unacceptable. \\The rest rooms continue to get worse because of people kicking and otherwise mistreating fixtures. I do understand the expense of repairing these fixtures, but if they were replaced with automatic flush and water as they are damaged, the expense could be spread out.
This building needs alot of improvements, no security, no fire sprinkler system, outdated bathrooms carpet that all need to be replaced. Mold and water leaks need to fixed not covered up. Employees are always sick, I suspect having to do with air quality. The break room is shared with Nation employees which is unavailable when they have meetings. The Osage Nation will not fix or improve this building, we need to move.
Tried to book meeting space for a 2 day conference for 30 people.  We were not booked as requested, and had to last minute move the group to different space.  Very frustrating, and look unprofessional.  Also, was stuck in an elevator for 45 minutes about 3 months ago.  call from the elevator went to a call center who didn't even know what building we were in.  Eventually, we got ourselves out of the elevator by prying the doors open.  No one ever came to service the elevator while we were stuck in it.
We need wireless headsets. We are tethered to our desks with no freedom of movement, day in and day out. Wireless headsets would provide us with more mobility, which provides many health benefits.
Ice Maker Been Broke for a while
I was moved from a larger area to a small office and it is very crowed with three filing cabinets, desk, cadenza, etc.
I am satisfied with my work space, the walls are thinner so the talking of people in the hallways, construction noise, etc. can be quite loud at times.
It concerns me that minors are allowed to walk around unescorted. This seems unsafe for them, and a security concern.
Heat and cooling has been an issue in this building since we moved in many years ago, please fix it.\\I work at the NRC Region IV office in Arlington, TX at 1600 E Lamar Blvd.
The noise issue is extremely stressful. It causes embarrassment and severely dampens our ability to get work done. Its the same in an office or cubicle. IT MUST BE FIXED.
Fix the leaking hole above my desk please.  It has been over a year!  Putting a trash can under the leak to catch the water is not fixing the problem!
Still waiting on workspace remodeling that we were promised years ago.
The building is cold.
6 people in one office with 4 foot partitions is not conducive to patient privacy or being able to work in a pleasant environment. There is too much noise and it is not a functional space. You are unable to hear while on the phone. Others can hear what you are saying to the patient. This is a horrible working environment.
My personal workspace is located in a completely different building from where I am assigned to do daily work.  I had to create a workspace in the back of our classroom as I cannot afford to travel between buildings.
The cubes that were added in the back area (without windows) are to small. Also, numerous teleworkers share on small cube and the cubes are RARELY vacuumed. Also, a large amount of dust gathers behind each monitor in each cube. Please think about having larger bathrooms added to the building. Lines form in the women's bathroom. Not good. The grounds are kept us nicely. The restrooms should be cleaned around the schedule of the employees and should NOT be shut down between 10:00am and 2:00 PM. There are too many people in the building.
Furniture is lowest bidder and doesn't always operate correctly.
We do not have Federal Protective Services in our building.  The reason for my general dissatisfaction is the security staff being unwilling to, for example, step outside to enforce the "no smoking" areas.  When I have mentioned people outside smoking, I have literally been asked, "What am I supposed to do?"  Also, they have now put in a system of parking gates which you have to swipe to enter and leave.  However, they leave one behind the building open so there are days when the main parking lot is completely full and people are parking illegally which makes it dangerous to walk thru or drive in the lot because of visibility.  Also,they allow people to park on the edges of entrance driveways.  I have personally almost been hit by a bus coming around a corner because they are swerving around a parked car.  I expect them to police their property.  Allowing Uber and Lyft to use an adjacent lot is also a negative.  Those drivers fly in and out of their lot and there is no control at their access or exit points.  I have stopped using the exit nearest the route I take home to avoid the one they use, which takes more time.  I don't feel that I should be inconvenienced like that.  And the Uber/Lyft lot is filthy.  Our airport is close enough to our building that you can walk there but the only route is thru that parking lot and there is trash and it stinks.
Snow plowing and salt are not done in a timely manor, snow and ice are left to melt from the sun or future warming trend.  Parking lot is very icy and little to no salt is used.  Huge icicles from the roof, we are told to just not walk in that area.  Mice in the office, bugs in the office.  Doors do not open and shut properly.  Sally port drain does not drain properly.  Multiple issues with sewage back up in to the cell areas.  Plumbing issues on the night of super bowl Sunday, we were told it cant be fixed until the plumber sobers up the next day sometime.
The open office is a horrible concept that is counterproductive.
Wouldn't mind more variability in how to configure my workspace.  Desk, type of chair, etc
Extremely satisfied with the amount of workspace on the flexible floors (8th and LL).  This type of space should be allowed in the personal workspace along with coded lock drawers as provided in the shared workspace.
this building is a health hazard. It is mostly unclean and falling apart.  The bathrooms are so gross, one has to  hunt for a clean stall.  The general work environment is very badly lite, filthy and is never ever vacuumed.  The canteens have broken or no equipment to use at meal time. The floors in canteens are broken with tiles missing and hazardous walking conditions. Several times water from old and rusting drinking fountains are leaking in out onto the floors and a solution takes at best 24 hours. The side walks are crumbling and uneven. This place is falling apart.
The va turned a closet into a 4 person office with no temperature controls. Winter or summer it is always 63 to 66 degrees in the mornings and it is very small for 4 people, desks, printers,  etc.. for someone who is very claustrophobic, especially when other people come in for information.
When talking to taxpayers on the phones, there is too much noise - so much so that taxpayers comment on other CSR's they can hear on their end of the call. We have many areas of the building that are not being utilized at all and are packing multiple CSR's into other areas.
no storage for coats in my row of workspaces (others do have that feature)
Parking - Free parking should be provided for the tenants in the J.J. Pickle Federal Building.
This building is safe and clean. There are not enough water fountains or restrooms for the number of people that work here.
The housekeeping staff does an excellent job cleaning the restrooms and common areas
Both the morning and evening Security Guards in WO75 are ALWAYS a pleasure.  They are professional, personable and courteous.  I drive 2+ hours each way and it is wonderful to start my work day with their pleasant and helpful attitudes.   Kudos to them all!
The area where the building is located is not a safe area.  Non-Law Enforcement employees, mostly women are escorted in the evenings by the FPS officers.  The building has had several instances of bullet holes in it.  Temperature is usually freezing, and workstations are not dusted.
Both my office and Rambo Auditorium are quite over-air-conditioned even when it is warm outside.  Other offices in the building have the opposite problem.  It would have been better for GSA to put effort into correcting this longstanding problem than either of the other two recent "improvements" they made, PIV card building access and solar panel installation.  The increased security (which has little obvious benefit) has made it almost impossible for members of the public to visit this USGS office without an appointment, and the PIV card building access is poorly managed (all USGS employees should automatically get card access to all the USGS buildings, rather than having to individually track down a security guard who doesn't check his email to make an appointment to get card access).  The recent installation of solar panels was so poorly managed that it resulted in damage to the electrical system in my building that took months to repair.  Further, I don't know if GSA is involved, but the WiFi system in my building has had numerous outages over the past several months which are quite disruptive to my work.
The building is in a very unsafe area and we have to pay for security that  may or may not show up to work.  When they are at work they sit in their car and listen to music.  The building is extremely moldy to the point where you can smell it most places.  There is also dust, allergens, and dirt in the air which is way too hot in some offices and way to cold in others.  People urinate in the parking lot. The building has had leaks, overflowing toilets to our floor, and the elevators CAUGHT FIRE.  THREE TIMES!!!!  Not only is this unhealthy and unsafe it is ILLEGAL.
The building manager doesn't keep up with his contract commitments and we continually allow him to not adhere to what he agreed to. Carpet should have been changed years ago, walls need painted, the locker room has sugar ants that are everywhere and soap scum stains that are rarely cleaned. Conference rooms are run down and look unprofessional.
I wish the desk with the overhead storage had lights underneath. I use glasses and often times have to strain my vision because of inadequate lighting.
The restrooms need to be renovated, they are old and outdated. The stalls are extremely small and there are bugs and roaches in the restrooms.
Would like filtered water or water coolers provided in the building.
These cubicles need to be updated to accommodate the changing landscape of the current work space. The partitions are short, open workspaces should have roller doors to provide at least minimal privacy, The plugs are on the floor where they should be at desk level, the chairs are NOT ergonomics NOR ARE THE DESKS. The only positive I can relate is the desk moves to where work may be performed while standing.
You have advised us that our Occupancy Agreement will not be renewed in 2022. Now I have to find a new home for over 400,000 boxes of records. No forced move???!!!
It would be great if the glass in the offices were 100% frosted. Currently there is a small band of frosted glass which is better then nothing, but a lot of times when you're having meetings it can be distracting with people walking by constantly or even looking through the glass during meetings.
No one cares about our TSA workers, Been working for TSA for 14 years and only now I hear we are in violation of OSHA regulations because of heat and temperatures
We recently underwent a tower cab remodel.  It's worse than it was before.  Equipment is crammed together, the Evans Slat Wall idea is total crap.  It looks like a 4-year old put our tower cab together.
I am a mid-level provider.  All M.D.s have assigned offices by the mid-level providers do not.  We have exam rooms.  The space is inadequate and cramped.  It is not a work-friendly place.
flushing system, seems to flush when ever.  seats are loose
Cubicle partitions are old and the cloth is loaded with dust.
Building has frequent foul smell. Building is always cold regardless of the season.
The interior of our sub-agency space is fairly well-lit and clean, being only 18 months old.  We do have vermin sightings (insects and rodents).  A glue trap was placed in my office over a year ago, has never been replaced -- even after building inspections -- and is covered in long-deceased insects.
Space to work and review documents is limited. Docking stations are frustrating as they often fail to connect to the internet or the monitor and leave the desk very cluttered with wires everywhere. Many monitor stands are broken with arms that sag to the desk and are simply propped up with markers or other items. There is no space to have a conversation without annoying a neighbor and not enough quiet rooms to make getting up to go somewhere else an option.
Dirty floors in offices and common areas need attention.
need more space to perform type of work for incoming mail, batching work and priority work.
The noise 'fix' is very expensive
The carpet is a mess due to management allowing people to have food and drinks everywhere and due to moisture in the cement below the carpet.
Desk partner moving work papers/binders around to use my side of work desk and not moving them back.
I will be extremely upset if GSA forces the SEC to move to another office space.  100 F Street, N.E. is an updated, clean, light space that fits our agency, is convenient for witnesses and opposing counsel to travel to, and has been designed with our needs in mind (a Closed Commission room, updated technology, testimony rooms, etc.).  In addition, thousands of people work here and have designed their commutes and in many cases (including mine) real estate purchases based on the office's location.  Please do not make us move to another location because anything else will be inferior.
There is a lack of privacy in our work stations.
Small space
I think it's a terrible waste of money to rent a building managed by GSA.  This building should be owned by the FS rather than paying rent and expenses for GSA to manage.
My comments related to the restrooms are not a reflection on the cleaning staff,  I think that they do a good job.  The comments are related to the design, which prevents that maintenance of a clean appearance.  For example,  the toilet paper rolls are too loose,  meaning that when you pull on them, they unroll very quickly, leading to an excess use or toilet paper on the floor.  If the tension on the rollers were adjusted to be tighter, it might be better.  On the same lines, the tension on the paper towel dispensers are too tight,  so that when you pull a sheet, it rips off a tiny corner, which you then drop onto the sink,  so there are a lot of small pieces of paper towel around the counter and the floor.  If these were looser, you could grip one sheet and actually pull it off.  The sink faucets are fine, but the soap dispensers are placed just a little too far away from the sink bowl,  so you move your hand away from the sink bowl to get some soap and it drips water with you.  This then runs down to the front of the counter, and it just pools throughout the day.  The counters are always wet and look like they are not maintained.  Last point on the restrooms:  There are no feminine products in any of the dispensers.  Why are the dispensers there if they are not going to be loaded? Just remove them. Otherwise it just looks neglected.  I am usually here very late, and routinely see the cleaning staff working quietly and diligently, and they have always been pleasant.  One more point, consider reducing the number of trash receptacles and recycling bins.  It might be easier for your staff not to have to bend down every few feet to empty just a few items.  The tenants could walk a little further to a larger receptacle if that was necessary.  Really appreciate the security staff at the entrance to Bldg 22.  Thanks for the survey!
Difficult to have a phone conversation on a landline and hard to get cell service while in building
The desk space is a "V" configuration with the computer situated at the "V."  It is uncomfortable to have your back exposed.  It is startling to have employees come up behind you, which happens frequently, since our desks have no walls and are open to the floor. Too many distractions, no privacy.
We have janitorial staff that steals personal belongings off employees desks, he sleeps in our lobby instead of doing his job, he leaves notes on boxes ( boxes that are being used to mail our medical equipment) telling the employees to throw the boxes away. The floors are constantly messy, and its got to the point where I bring my own cleaning supplies to clean my personal workspace because I cannot rely on the janitorial staff to do the right thing. I have spoke with my Chief, and he says there is nothing he can do. Dissatisfied to say the least.
My office/room is where I check in patients for the doctor and do any nurse visits.
I have seen large cockroaches several times on the 11th floor.
The bunkhouse I am in is not suitable for the number of people assigned. My bed frame seems older than me and I may as well be laying on a hammock. The mattress is absolutely disgusting with stains and completely unserviceable. When I asked about getting a different one the reply was simply "good luck with that". The worst aspect of this building is that the kitchen area is in the basement of a very old converted Ranger's office with NO VENTILATION1. There is not even a window to open!! Extremely  unhealthy and unsanitary - especially with 5 people. The showers/bathroom, also downstairs,  were renovated in the last 2 years and are relatively sanitary. I understand the whole budgeting issues and all but what the heck is management thinking that it is ok to subject tenants to these conditions.
printers need updated. more fax lines needed
Our space is noisy in hall with patients and people talking
Just perfect
The restrooms are cleaned regularly, but just the big stuff.  When our space was renovated, a men's restroom became a women's restroom.  It appears that the toilet partitions haven't ever been wiped down and remnants of something unsavory running down them remains.  Also, where the partitions connect to the floor is fairly disgusting.\\We have beautiful new carpet and it would be nice if it was vacuumed more regularly.\\The temperature is often too cold, especially in the winter and almost always in the break/lunch room.
Take me off you mailing list please
Love my new office.
Work spaces are dirty, people leave personal belongings.
THE PARKING LOTS ARE DANGEROUS, SLIPPERY, NEVER PLOWED  OR SALTED, PEOPLE HAVE FALLEN. THERE ARE A LOT OF SENIORS AND PEOPLE WITH HEALTHE CONCERNS THAT ARE AT RISK.
The building temperature is a problem.  It is summer and it is quite cool.  People wear lighter clothing in the summer yet I have staff that need to wear blankets and heavy sweaters in order to work.  Also, there are spots that are extremely cold and others that are hot.
My office is appropriate size for me, I would like to have a door & ceiling for when I need to make telephone calls to stakeholders or do online training/web meetings.
building is beautiful, clean! Space we have our backs to each other to we feel isolated but its extremely open and noise is constant hard to hear on phone
too many people in an enclosed location, not satisfied
When I've logged tickets on temperature their immediately closed.  There's no air flow where my desk is.  Then the landlord can keep it a cool 68 where he is but its hot on the 5th floor.
The workstations are very nice and enable staff to sit or stand while working.  However the cubes are slightly higher than the top of my head while seated.  When people stand it reminds me of Prairie Dogs looking around for predators.  The systems look great.  The functionality is excellent.  The customers identified design flaws were not addressed.  Noise will always be a challenge when everyone is in the office and the phones are busy.
Others in the dept have cubbies that are 30 sq feet, no door, no privacy, lacking telephone and computer connections.  Carpets torn - tripping hazard.  Copy machine inappropriately placed limiting ability to work
This building is old and has all the inherent issues of old, unkempt buildings.  It's moldy, smelly, impossible to fully clean, has poor ventilation and building management does not appear to keep it as clean as it could be.  There are roaches, ants and lady bugs visible much of the time.  The workspace itself is inadequate for the needs of personnel.  There is a probation office two floors below us, so we have to deal with the criminal element which is unsafe and unsavory.  The parking lot is not properly paved nor secure.  The building is not secure and what little security had was removed many months ago.  I do not feel safe coming to work daily, both outside and inside the building.
need more.. more storage, better equipment, walls, noise dampering, cleaner
Shortage of cubicles for all workers, no AT&T cellular service (this is a common complaint among all USSS HQ employees)
People visit our office from other field offices and laugh at how old and ugly our workspaces are compared to their offices. We did some health and safety renovations in the office but we really need a new building.
We don't like cubicles
I stay after 6 and see cleaning staff working very hard, very professional and also friendly, also during the day, 5th floor cleaning staff reliable and ensures restrooms are clean at least twice per day, I really appreciate that!\\Security officers are friendly and helpful, and very professional - I feel safe with them.
Building was built for our department, with plans being over 5 years old, but occupants to the building were not even allowed in until the building, and work spaces were completed.  No input was allowed to be given on how the offices were to be used.\We do not have ADA entrance to our building.
My workspace needs modular furniture.
Spaces are in generally good condition suffering normal wear and tear. Of course everyone would like a window in their office. \The biggest improvement needed is access to internet or a wifi network. Brick and concrete buildings are not conducive to cell phone signals. Otherwise no ongoing issues worthy of comment.
I like the cleaning people. They are always doing their job and making sure that the office is clean for the next day.  They pick up trash daily in my cubicle. Security personnel always at front desk ready to assist with issues.  The Dallas Area Transit Rapid (DART) transit train is very convenient (right outside the building).  Maintenance is always ready to respond to issues.  Overall, I am extremely satisfied with the building where our office is located in Dallas, Tx.
Only top people have offices, the rest are open desktops with just enough space for the computer system displays, keyboard and a small area to write on. There is enough space to place a drink so that you can continue to work without taking breaks to get a drink. It reduces productive work, by limiting the space. This is similar to the "Hoteling Concept" and reduces the productivity of personnel. The government would be better off allowing more space with less people and achieving the same amount of work efficiency. If space is really a problem and cost factor, maybe the move to telework is a better solution.
I love our office space! It's perfect for my job . It also has endeared us to the community; by leasing a historic building the people of our community know the building will continue to be maintained.
Our building meets our needs and storage space and is very comfortable.
The inconsistent temperatures in all areas of the building, the quality and service of the bathrooms, the poor lighting and the loud HVAC combine to make this building a terrible place to work every day.
Building always VERY cold.  One or more Elevators slow or not working at times. Work space, no outside windows, small, cramped.  Cleaned as needed by inmate orderlies.
Our furniture is very outdated and old.  It is not the best furniture to prevent on the job injuries.  Interior designer is incompetent.  There are not sufficient toilets for the ratio of females in the building.   The restrooms get dirty quickly due to the high volume of usage.
The noise is unbearable for teleconferences and there are no quiet spaces. Competition for meeting rooms has increased. Cellular service is not good worsening the ability to hold a successful teleconference. There are not enough work stations and not all work stations are equal. Some have mismatched screens. Not all have dual monitors.
The workspace is small with little room to move around.  The arrangement is to protect confidential information, however, it is cramped and small.   A disabled person seeking a private meeting would not be able to meet in my office.
The speed bump in the parking garage is too tall.  If it is snowing or icy, it is very hard to get my car over the speed bump.  You must go through the speed bump way to fast is the only way to get enough power in snowy conditions.
The building refused to let our employees and customers park daily.  Our employees holding parking passes were allowed to continue parking. When construction issues came up they forbid all IRS employees and customers from parking at the building while they held a lottery for other tenants to see who would be allowed to park there.  They allow homeless and drug addicts to loiter on the stairs and since they closed the garage there are only two points of egress and this is one of them.  The outside is filthy.  I am concerned that our employees and myself are not safe walking to other garages.  One employee was flashed by a homeless person.  I have written several times and it is clear that promises were made but that no efforts were ever taken to improve the situation.  Instead some less than caring person signed a 5 year lease extension without first asking the employees for their opinions nor responding to concerns.
There are kitchen facilities provided, but the refrigerators have no freezer space for frozen dinners.  The microwaves provided are inexpensive models, but they work.
The dust has been allowed to accumulate over several years to unhealthy levels. Large matted almost cotton ball size dust clumps. These need to be removed from the window seals and floors.\Our floors need to be replaced.
This area was flooded in September 2017 and has not been repaired nine months later.
This is an historic building owned by the government that is not maintained well because some employees don't think it is their responsibility.  Rotten wood on the porch rails, rotten siding due to a leak for YEARS.   26 year old carpet etc.  Items are reported and nothing is done!  Partly due to lack of funding and partly due to overworked employees that don't have time and then partly due to key employees inability to work together, which leave the remainder of the employees in the lurch.
I am located in the middle of the "common" space only 3 feet from the conference table that everyone sits at and every customer sits at and every meeting takes place at and it is VERY distracting and difficult to keep focused and on task with constant distractions and people sitting, chatting and moving around literally feet from my chair/ desk.
There is no security in our building.  It's been a problem for years, yet no resolution.  Last week an irate taxpayer showed up banging on the windows and screaming looking for someone.  No security to handle the situation.
OVERALL THE BUILDING IS COMFORTABLE & FUNCTIONAL,BUT OUTDATED.  IT LACKS SECURITY LIGHTING OUTSIDE WHERE THE FLEET VEHICLES & STORAGE BUILDING ARE LOCATED.  SOMETIMES IT IS DIFFICULT TO GET REPAIRS COMPLETED IN A TIMELY MANNER OR REQUESTS FULFILLED BECAUSE THE BUILDING OWNER DOESN'T WANT TO SPEND THE NECESSARY OR ADDITIONAL FUNDS.  THE PLUMBING DRAINS BECOMES PLUGGED ON A REGULAR BASIS DUE TO THE AGE OF THE PIPING.  I'VE BEEN TOLD BY IT STAFF THAT WE HAVE THE SLOWEST NETWORK IN THE ENTIRE STATE, POSSIBLY DUE TO OUTDATED WIRING.
There are meeting rooms available, but usually these meeting rooms are blocked to support key initiatives, but are not in use as often as they are needed - they are usually empty.  Cleaning is fine, but is superficial.  Occasionally the temperature is not what is supposed to be, but for the most part it is fine.  Our agency is planning to start smaller workstations with more people crowded in small spaces and less privacy and space to conduct your daily business, this will be a hardship to all of us once in place - it is to start this summer
None
Our government recently spent a fortune redesigning Federal Plaza.  For some reason the Plaza is not available to us the tenants or visitors lately.  No one has informed us as to why this is the case.  At lunch-time or break-time the approach spaces are very congested because that is the only space to sit in the sun to enjoy our lunch or break-times.  I request that this policy be revisited or reviewed.  I enjoy that space on my breaks or lunch times.  I seems so wasted when not in use.  If it is a security issue please inform us so we can understand the waste of resources.  Thank you.
a workspace should feel welcoming and inviting in order to increase teamwork and produce maximum productivity by allowing an employee to add or modify personal touches to add their own aesthetic to the physical workstation and to contribute to the increased moral of staff by creating spaces that foster camaraderie.
The TAC has been painted once since the office was moved.  The back door is difficult to open/close because of insulation to keep the cold out is old.
There is too much personal conversations going on between some co workers most of the day.  This can be very distracting so a workstation with partitions may be beneficial in my area.
Have been working with lessor to correct problems as they arise.  He is communicative and responds quickly as needed.  Manager's office is unusually hot and we are trying to address that issue.
The cafeteria selection is recycled from previous days.  Entrees and sides are reserved in a different form than what was originally offered.
Our space has been reconfigured over the last few years and we lost the majority of our meeting/breakout rooms. Meeting rooms were hard to find previously, they are almost impossible to find now without scheduling far in advance. This is affecting work and should change.
Indio Station is composed of trailers and not buildings.  HVAC are loud and old.  There is NO technician to do any repairs at the Station as the person hired years ago just retired. \Both checkpoints are in the same conditions.  no buildings just trailers put together. No potable water.  Constant disruption in current technology/internet service limits the processing of detainees.
This is for DHS/ Customs and Border Protection, Miami, FL, building 11232 Nw 20Th St
I do not know how to get problems corrected when the people they are reported to will not correct them, or do not have the budget to correct them.
Parking for work is expensive unless you walk a few blocks for cheaper or park in potentially unsafe areas for free parking. I do not expect it to be free because it is downtown parking, but as it is required for our job, $50 per month seems high.
Quite, window, good temperature. As an analyst and a coder I can concentrate and produce quality work in a timely manner.
The woman who empties the trash routinely opens my office door and says "oops" instead of knocking. Much of my job is on teleconferences, so this is disruptive. I find her quite rude, but that may be because she does not use English when speaking to me and unfortunately I do not speak Spanish.\The ladies' room on the third floor has dirty floors, long hairs left on the floor that are never swept/mopped up, and weird leaky faucets.  It's a beautiful bathroom, but poorly cleaned and maintained. And why should a ladies' room smell like urine? Other floors seem better, so I prefer to use them.
I have old furniture that does not function very well.  I would like to receive a new workstation.
The cleaning crew does a great job, but they are only here in the evenings. The carpets need to be clean at least every three months.
THE BUILDING MANAGMENT HAS NO CONTROL OVER  OUR WORK PLACE DESIGN. THIS IS CONTROLED BY THE EMPLOYER
to crowded noisy and not enough working computers
Overall, the workspace is adequate and building management is always responsive with any issues.\\Our office does need new carpet.
work stations with privacy would be better
Ergonomics needs to be taught and implemented on an individual basis. We've had meetings (very rarely) on the issue, but that's not enough. I have bilateral carpal tunnel syndrome, cervical disc disease, back, hip, leg pain,  and very poor eyesight as a result of sitting at a computer for 22 years. The desk chairs in our office cannot be adjusted and cause extreme back pain, which is why I am thrilled to only have to work in the office 2 days a week. I spent a lot of money on my personal desk chair, which I used in the office until telework was increased. It has made such a difference. I need a much more advanced ergonomic keyboard, the MS one is only marginally helpful at this point.
I have asked my NIH IC for a sit-stand desk for the past 3 years at least because I have a back problem. Almost everyone else in my office area has one (no asking involved). They say that it will cost too much to buy the desk and then reconfigure my office to accommodate it. I was given a handicapped office after our renovation which really doesn't work for me, but now I just go with the flow.
Great building, very responsive landlord. Temperatures in the office very inconsistent, generally too cold. On sunny days, gets too warm because of all the windows and tall ceilings which are not enclosed.
Not a fan of the sliding doors. The hallways are a bit narrow, when folks are standing outside of their office talking they are actually close to my space. Because of the narrow hallways, you can't get around the personal space issue. Wish the kitchen had more table space and was more closed so that you could actually eat there and not be exposed to everybody who walks by. I'm not comfortable using the stairwells, always afraid I will get locked in if my badge doesn't work, since I don't carry my phone around with me, it would be safe to have some type of emergency phone in the stairwells just in case.
The airport is currently under renovation. The place is a mess. This survey is biased.\However, in regards to the TSA employees breakroom it is a slap in the face considering this airport is under renovations a second time in less then five years a we receive an oversized closet for\our lunch and breaks; and until recently we would freeze our asses off with the lack of heat.
my work station is ok
Water fountain on 7th floor has been broken for 4 years.
Building management staff do a "Great Job"
Elevators are very slow and clunky; the Monday morning temperature after a hot weekend is UNACCEPTABLE (LIKE 85 DEGREES IN THE OFFICE UNACCEPTABLE!) there are people who start working at 6 AM when the building opens; the janitorial staff keeps this place pretty clean; we need more than once a week vacuuming; there are some uneven sections of the sidewalk when entering the main entrance of the building; this survey needs more definition in the categories besides "somewhat" and "extremely"; the range between these two is too great; a lot of the answers that I gave that are "somewhat" I wanted to be higher but the only other category was extremely and that was too much
sharing front end interviewing area spreads germs if one person is sick it quickly spread to everyone else using that same phone, computer, mouse etc - if each interviewer had their main work station at the front it would not spread germs as quickly
Workspace has sufficient counter space to work on and layout tasks. \Workspace has sufficient room for varidesk and foot stools that accomodate comfort.\Desk drawers can be locked and are sufficiently adequate to store files and personal belongings.
I am concerned with the security of our office.  The stairway doors and the door to our office open with a simple keypad and 3 digit code.  Not only is it easy to guess the code (there are only 60 possibilities) but there have been more than a dozen employees who have left employment and know the codes. We need much better security to protect ourselves and our information.
This is a University building
Cell phone service is usually not available in most parts of the building.  This is a serious issue preventing us from being contacted by family in emergency situations.  This was the case for me a couple of weeks ago when my wife and child were in a serious car accident.  We've been told this issue has been reported, but no information on if or when it will be resolved.\\We've been in this building for 5 months and my cubicle is still unusable because of an exposed wire conduit (unconnected) in my cubicle.  Fortunately the cubicle next to mine has been available.  I've been informed it will be connect in August.  My understanding is that the original building contractor has been absolved of resolving issues although paid in full, so the tax payers get to pay another contractor to fix issues not completed by the original contractor.\\The smart lighting in the building is not good.  We definitely need more control over light dimming.  The alternative chosen here was to turn off most of the overhead lights and purchase desk lighting for every cubicle.  This lighting is still not enough and work areas are dark and depressing. \\The toilets throughout the building were installed at a height appropriate for preschoolers.  Most appear to be installed lower than required by code.  This is a move opposite of the recent trend providing comfort height toilets designed for ease of use for adults. \\The majority of the parking spaces are compact spots, and very tight compact spots.  There need to be many more regular sized parking spaces.  Also, the lot is marked with space restrictions for high efficiency vehicles but this is not enforced.
Extremely loud, distracting, difficult to find private spaces in which to take phone calls.
Building elevators are often broken and two on the east side have been broken for months. Building temperature is either too hot or too cold but never comfortable. The carpet is old and bubbling in many places.
The remodel of the 7th floor in FOB 10A created very thin walls.  A person can hear every word being spoken in rooms that are adjacent to the room they are in.  This is extremely distracting if you are next to a conference room like I am.
Generally I am very satisfied with the quality/maintenance of our work space. At times the restrooms can be messy, but I think that is due to days when additional visitors are in the building. It might help to have maintenance staff do bathroom checks several times a day just to ensure the areas are clean. The light and noise levels are fine -- I've noticed that office temperature varies with the outdoor temp (sometimes too cold or hot inside) but I understand that build temperature is set by a central function.There was also a small pest problem (most likely due to folks leaving coffee cups and food containers in office space trash bins) but that was quickly resolved. Thank you!
I'd like to move my work station so that I can better enjoy the set up
When BEA was moved into the building, I don't think GSA was truly concerned about space for Census employees. Nor do I think they really considered how changes to interior spaces would affect the original building hvac design. (putting up new walls disrupted flow of air). Equitable square footage per employee by grade should be a government wide standard - not variable by agency. I fault Census Bureau management as well on space since they should've fought harder for their employees. \\There are times when GSA responsibilities for building service issues are not addressed timely.
Thank you
Carpet is the only issue. Stained.
The urinals?? Are you serious???!!!
Desk need to have the ability to position keyboard to the comfort of the employee.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.  buckets are placed through out the building.  The ceiling is falling down all the time.  We have been lucky so far that it hasn't landed on anyone.
In our Building the Security Gates are on a continuously broken, have to leave gates open with no security police checking on who is coming in and out. With ICE Immigration office across from us, we have people coming in our building, parking outside next to our gated area and our visitors parking.  We sometimes end up being late in our building due to people blocking the street to get to our building.\We have air condition problems on the second floors for the past 5 to 8 year, they have replaced the second floor air condition twice and we still have issues to the point that we have to go home cause the temperature on the second floor has been 92 degrees at 6 in the morning.
There is a decided lack of transparency in how decisions are made regarding facilities management.  I understand that there is no need for everyone to be involved in every aspect of how this campus is run, but there is no information made available about pest control and pesticide use, for example, and many of us have concerns about collateral effects.  How are Canada goose populations managed?  Are provisions of the Migratory Bird Act adhered to?  Are chemical pesticides being used on campus?  If so, which ones?  Are there impacts to bees and other beneficial insect species?  How are these kinds of decisions made?  It is ironic that in a place with many environmental scientists, some of whom operate under provisions of "community right to know," we in fact know little about how these aspects of site management take place.
THE BUILDING IS OLD, BUGS EVERY DAY INSIDE, INCONSISTENT TEMPS FOR MONTHS ON END, PIPES IN CEILING HAVE EXPLODED ON EMPLOYEES AND EQUIPMENT, POOR VENTILATION, ODORS, FOR THE MONEY BEING SPENT ON THIS FACILITY THERE ARE NO WINDOWS OR NATURAL LIGHTING. THIS BUILDING IS NOT CONDUSIVE TO A GOOD MORALE FOR MOST EMPLOYEES SINCE MOVING IN MANY HAVE HAD SIMILAR ISSUES MENTIONED ABOVE.
This building is far from the hospital and my staff spends a lot of time walking to and from the main hospital and staff needs to cross the parking lot for mandatory training. In addition, this building doesn't have the proper set up for a simulation lab. We make do, but it is a suboptimal space.
The questions you didn't ask are about the location and what moving here did to the employees. \\This is a new building that was constructed without consideration of the employees.  It was built in a high crime rate area.  Walking for exercise is limited to the parameters of the building or in pairs.  \\Relocation to here took away our public transit opportunities (no connections from the Tukwila Sounder Train station to this building).  It became a longer commute for many people.  If the building had been in Kent, WA, that would have been much better for everyone.  That was the location of one of the bidders.\\The owner of the building wrote into the contract that the FAA or GSA would pay for parking even though the lot surrounds the building.  The FAA and GSA initially told us that the workers would probably have to pay for that parking.  The Union stepped in, and we don't pay.  It probably went back to the FAA or GSA.  \\The cafeteria lunch menu is over-priced and under quality.  Breakfast is good, lunch isn't.  There aren't many places nearby as options.  We have to drive to find better options for lunch.  \\The murals on the restroom walls are something else.  The mountains have creepy faces and figures embedded in them  Not just one person's imagination saying this . . . several of us agree they're in the category of creepy (even evil) looking.  It's wrong to subject us to that, while we all have to be careful how we celebrate the holidays here.  We're not even supposed to use the word "Christmas" but are expected to accept that stuff within the murals.  That is wrong!  Painting over them would not be a good fix .. . they'd still be there.  Take the murals off.
Lights directly above desks are often broken. No parts available.
I'm very dissatisfied with outside, I don't think the sprinkler system should be on at the start of the business.  I come in early, however, I can't sit at the table/benches because the tables and grass are wet.
None at this time.
Although it is an enclosed single person office, the walls are thin an I can hear everything said in the next office.
Terrible, terrible, terrible food options. Really pathetic. Whatever they are calling the coffee shop now - well, its still too expensive and food quality is just "eh." Employees are not happy which translates to bad service. Its not their fault, I blame their management. \\Upper cafeteria is just nasty. Too expensive, bad quality, cleanliness issues...at end of lunch period trays are piled up and over flowing in trash area. Just gross. \\I feel like I truly failed myself if I have to buy my food at St Elizabeths. Actually, I should thank you since I've started to bring my lunch every day. My recommendation is simple. Close the Flag officer mess. Force senior leadership to eat with us common folk. Shit will change real quick. \\Soda machines steal my money and are not refilled at any frequency. So my 2pm soda is usually water. Thank you, I am saving money there too.\\I'm not going to say anything about parking since there's nothing GSA is willing to do. Hell its your policy to limit spaces in this way. Isn't it? So let me tell you that this situation totally and completely sucks. But hey, take the bus, to the metro, to the bus and walk! October is really nice. My sense is that a lot of older folks who are ready to retire will do so next year when we are completely cut out of parking options and forced to use a public transportation system that has a ton of problems in its own right. So I should thank you again for forcing some people out and opening advancement opportunities up.
My primary workspace is in the department break room. I am interrupted by conversations between employees constantly and they have no privacy to place personal phone call if needed.
Parking is an issue.  There is no free parking close by, public transportation is not available to where I live, pay parking is expensive.
The location of the office building next to Union Station is extremely important to me and to many of my colleagues.
I usually keep the door to my office locked, therefore, office is not vacuum.  Would like get the office floor vacuumed from time to time.
A new smoke shack was recently constructed at the rear entrance to the hospital. While it is 40 feet from the actual entrance, it is directly next to the only walk way to that entrance. Smokers routinely do not use the smoke shack but will stand outside right next to it which then results in everyone having to walk through their cloud of second hand smoke. This is a MAJOR health concern for me as I've never been a smoker but have had several family members who were and ended up with small cell lung cancer.
'- This building is well maintained, in a great location, and a good place to work.\- We are in temporary space, but for what now appears to be an extended period of time as no reconstruction of our permanent workspace has started. The new workspace design, 36 sq ft cubes is extremely incompatible with technical labor. It lacks file storage, reference storage, and work surfaces. Even the computer screen real estate is not being maximized as it should be. With its short walls it promises to be disruptive of concentrated work. No guidance nor accommodation to move toward paperless offices is being made.\- In terms of work efficiency and quality this could be a disaster. Increased work stress will occur. \- I suggest that meeting rooms be shared among all USDA agencies and, perhaps, others. All the rooms could be upgraded with high speed internet and smart classroom technologies (multiple connected monitors, VTC, touchscreen, digital opaque projector (e.g. Elmo)). By sharing meeting rooms among the many agencies (would need an efficient scheduling system), the limited office space could be used almost exclusively for work areas. \- Given the ag groups in the building, I would suggest a utility area for cleaning, biosecurity. \- The locker room is very nice to have. Thank you. I sometimes think it could be kept cleaner.  \- Thanks for the covered bike parking in front.
There is never preventative maintenance done on the HVAC.  Every summer, when the air conditioning is turned on, the chillers don't work and the heat needs work also.  The hallway from the under ground parking floods during rain storms and has black mold on the walls.  The elevators are constantly breaking.
I would prefer my work station position so that can my work group, people approaching, privacy, and security.  This is very very important to me.
NEED ADDITIONAL STORAGE SPACE FOR WHEELCHAIRS AND SCOOTER.  THESE ITEMS ARE GIVEN TO THE VETERAN AFTER IT HAS BEEN ORDERED.
The number one concern I have is the security/safety of personnel in Bldg 4407 (Bland Road, Raleigh).  Anyone can walk into this building during office hours.  The doors are never locked.  At a minimum, the doors should be locked 24 hours per day where employees need to badge in/badge out for access.  After 11 Sep 2001, there should be no Government building with no security.  I am extremely concerned for the safety of all of the employees in this building.  \\My office and some of the cubicles could have been designed to utilize the natural light from the windows.
Our offices are our exam rooms -- one room per person.  Rooms are cramped, it is impossible to navigate around a patient in a wheel chair to even wash my hands, much less do a good exam. If patient is accompanied by family member forget it!   Lack of soundproofing a real problem, we hear all the conversations in all adjoining exam rooms which is distracting and there are privacy concerens when patients walk out at the same time (or are listening in the hallway) having just heard entirety of each other's doctor's visits
The parking lot is the major problem in regard to the building at 300 Ala Moana. Although there is a double entry, one side of this is not used. Therefore, if a member of the public, or a contractor without proper clearances, attempts to enter the lot and is detained or refused entry by security it backs up all remaining traffic attempting to enter the lot, sometimes for a considerable period. In addition, there is no good way to turn such people around, so they must try to back out - into a stream of already piled up traffic. There are days where I have arrived on time yet gotten to the office 10 minutes late due to such issues.\\The fix to this is to have one entrance for employees only, and one for all other contractors and visitors, preferably at separate locations.\\A second problem with the parking lot entrance is that the electronic card reader to open the gate is so deeply recessed in its console that it is difficult - or in some cases impossible - to reach from the window of a regular sedan. For higher set trucks, vans and SUVs it by contrast works moderately well. What this means is that if one is driving a regular passenger car, it can be necessary to actually stop and open the door to use the card reader. This clearly needs to be fixed, given that in in the rain (not uncommon in Honolulu), it is a major inconvenience, and that it results in general delays at the lot entrance overall, which only further contribute to the problems noted above.\\Finally, there is a chronic problem with vehicles speeding toward the exit gate at the north end of the parking lot, particularly in the late afternoon. On numerous occasions I have nearly been hit while backing out of my stall by cars going well in excess of the 15 mph parking lot speed limit. Despite the fact that I have turned in multiple vehicle descriptions and license plates in regard to such offenders, the problem remains chronic. It could be easily solved by some periodic security presence immediately before the exit gate between 3:00 and 5:00 PM. A few days of people getting written up and/or losing their parking privileges for a period of time will probably get the message across.
It is difficult to concentrate and do research or discussions in a cubical. Do not have sufficient soundproof chat rooms. \\Tried several times... unable to enter my agency (CDC) , country (USA) for Workplace
booths are dilapidated with parts falling off, half of chairs are broken and can't be adjusted, baggage area is neither the standing nor the seating desk?, doesn't allow to work comfortably,
no meeting spaces and multi-person offices makes it difficult to conduct business especially when business is conducted via several meetings a day.  Sometimes there is no choice but to crowd people into our office even when the other officemate is there.  We are also having confidential discussions in hallways, corners, public spaces when we can't get a more private location.\\Cleaning staff are wonderful, delightful, and always pleasant.  They start my day off great.\\The security folks are also terrific; i feel protected.
The temperature is the biggest problem in the building. It is usually freezing cold in the summer and hot as hell in the winter. There is rarely a constant comfortable temperature. We are in an older building and the heating system is antiquated. They basically put band aids on it to fix it but never spend the money for a permanent fix. \We have cleaning people who come in every morning. They used to be really good but I can't remember the last time the floors in the bathrooms or the break room has been mopped. They basically empty the garbage cans and run the vacuum on the carpeting. The bathrooms aren't really clean. In their defense, they are very short handed.
While most of the security team is professional and alert, there are some members who typically are busy on their cell phones engaged in what are obviously personal calls; that's not a reassuring situation. Also, the protocol of touching everyone's badge with a finger or pen is a certain way to spread germs and perpetuate illness. We wear the badges around our necks and adjacent to our skin and clothing. No one wants someone who touches everyone else's badges touching ours. Guards who follow the "touching" protocol, I've noticed, don't bother to actually look at the badge. They just touch.\\My only concern regarding my personal workspace has to do with a potential active shooter situation. My office is part of a linear suite with my doors to the hallway and in between a series of rooms. While all of the doors to the hallway lock, I'm unable to lock the interior doors of my own office, which means that -- in the event of an active shooter -- I would be vulnerable if any one of the other doors to my suite happens to be unlocked. It would be far better to be able to lock all of the doors within our suite.
Myself and my officemates have attempted multiple times over the past year to have the air quality in our office tested and to have the filter in our AC unit cleaned. We have been told that these issues will be addressed, but no action has been taken. I am extremely dissatisfied with the lack of response to these issues.
SFVA wont provide accommodations or implement Ergonomic report as state their is no funding.  Many co-workers have requested assistance through Managers and Human Resources and nothing has been done
Often trash piles up in the hallways. We have had 3 Environmental Services people over the year try to clean this space. Not a single one of them ever cleans the bathroom. We clean it ourselves! About once a month we will run out of toilet paper over the weekend. We bring it from home of course. The problem is that we do patient care clinical work and there is no one to clean from Friday evening to Monday morning. The offices are nice here, but the patient care areas are dated. Perhaps we should stop construction/remodeling of administrative spaces until all patient care areas are appropriately remodeled? Patient's first, right?
Cramped space, potential employees coming into preprocess, there is no space for them to sign paperwork and they can see what is on other employees computers.  Also shoulder to shoulder with other employees and potential employee
Our office needs to be painted and blinds need to be cleaned. Windows should be washed.
My office is ok; however, the open waiting room with no secure wall or door to allow patients to wander throughout the clinic is not satisfactory.  MSAs get busy and can't always keep every veteran or family member from wandering back.  \\No clinic I have ever waited-in for an appointment allowed the patients open areas to access.  It likely won't be until something bad happens that a partition or wall will be built, but until then, we will still  keep asking.\\Security is none.  Discussion of a floating police officer...\\Lately, we have had a lot of strong sulfur smells.  Several workers come to look at it; however, not resolved.  This has been the same with the very warm rooms.  The main building is old and not kept-up by property management; therefore, continual problems will persist.
The restrooms/bathrooms need to be expanded and updated- the IRS call center has ~100 people per floor, some of which are scheduled for breaks at the same time. \The IRS break rooms and office space need to be updated. The break room sink should have hot water and more than one sink.\The elevators take a while and take up our timed break time. \The cafeteria should be more affordable, since many employees only have a 30-minute lunch and don't have time to go elsewhere.\The stairwells are not cleaned regularly.
I have an office but need more space for my employees. 11 people share a 12x12 office space that includes personal item storage lockers, a small fridge/coffee maker/microwave, and a library.
Need better water distribution for filling water bottles with cool clean filtered water.
Old, pre-9/11/01 parking area immediately in front of building is very unsightly; not a good image. \Well-known security guard, "Hank", needs to stop hitting on (i.e. trying to seduce) the women.
Contractors are required to share cubicles.  It's rather sad that a brand new building wasn't even designed appropriately for the number of employees.  We've had to resort to retrofitting closets for more cubicles. As a prior contractor in this building, it's hard to feel like you're appreciated when you're sharing cubicles and/or put in a closet.\\The over crowdedness of the building spills into issues/dissatisfaction with the restrooms.  The cleaning crew can't keep the bathrooms stocked with soap and paper towels.  The number of facilities is not even close to sufficient.  It's not uncommon to have to try 5-6 bathrooms on any given day just to find an open stall.  The number of facilities for the building is too low, and the number of people in the building is too many, so it's hard to have anything positive to say about the restrooms.
My office is a dark freezing-cold or boiling-hot box with noisy inadequate ventilation and no natural light.  It is a grim place to work.  The building is dirty on the outside with peeling paint.  Ornamental trees died due to harsh cold winter and the stumps are sprouting suckers.  Weeds abound.  Many areas of lawn are dead due to lack of irrigation.  Hedges and trees are standing dead due to water issues.  This had been a beautiful park-like campus and now it looks terrible.  Areas not used for direct patient care are downright dirty and we have insufficient housekeeping staff.
Our ward has been going thru a remodel for 7+ years, the project has been delayed time and time again. I am sure that the cost to taxpayers due to this is extreme, The VA needs to be accountable for this. Projects need to be on time and on budget. On the temporary ward that we are on now, when repair work is requested it often never gets done. Patients have complained about smells coming from drains, dirty water out of faucets, AC that does not work and cock roaches. Also bed washers who do not clean to standards and their supervisors who do not care if they do their job.
Office furniture is old and worn.
Sometimes it would be nice to have a door to close, especially during our busy season to get our work done and focus.  Not able to hear others while you are trying to concentrate.
A/C or HVAC was never working correctly since we moved here from 2007.   There were some repairs done but it still not working.  The only way to fix it to replace the whole Hvac system.  There were a lot of comments from the disabled customers that inside our building has unhealthy air quality.
Noise level from co-workers,
Women's restroom at Flat Creek work center has one stall out of order, all soap dispensers out of order, all paper dispensers out of order. No sign of being worked on.
The showers in the fitness center have bugs in them. Despite repeated complaints, nothing has been done to correct the pest infestation. This has gone on for years.\\The facilities management staff and the Agency's Associate Administrator don't address complaints about facilities, when they are reported.
Work Order system is broken.  Reporting an issue does not get it addressed promptly. More facility maintenance personnel need to be hired.  More consistent custodial help needs to be hired.  As a non-patient care building, we are considered a lower priority for cleaning and maintenance issues.\\We have been reporting heat, A/C and lack of ventilation issues for over 4 months w/o any resolution.  Very frustrating.
In general I'm never going to love office spaces, by proxy of what they are. That being said, the building and spaces are well maintained, when issues arise they are addressed quickly. I am always cold - except on the weekend when the air is completely off - but I think that's common in office buildings. I would love to see a compost program introduced in the kitchens to further reduce waste.
big concern is carpet on floor. Otherwise exam room great
too much moister in the building
The emergency department violates all type of building and HIPPA regulations.  The doors are broke, there are no partitions for patient confidentiality, patients can walk behind the desk, the whole reception area in the ER is set up incorrectly.
Office design has not been updated to take advantage of changes in technology.
This building and its current layout is NOT field functional.
Nothing in this building seems to ever be consistent especially Housekeeping, and logistics. Housekeeping is forever forgetting to fill soap and paper towels. They often forget to empty trash as well. One day the housekeeper left star cards with his name on them for everyone to fill out! What a joke! It is hard to get logistics in the  clinics to be consistent, we are always running out of supplies and have to take from other clinics. The Red Team for whatever reason always seems to get fully stocked but Blue and White do not and its the same guy. How does this keep happening and then when we say something its always "well did you push the button". FRUSTRATING
1.  Rows of grey cubicles with plain white walls do not make me look forward to walking into this building every day (and I actually love grey - my bedroom walls are grey - but the starkness of this place is depressing).  If you're going to have grey fabric on the cubicles, then try wood frames instead of gray metal frames to give the space some warmth.  We have one tiny blue wall in the office with wooden cabinets on it, which looks BEAUTIFUL.  Then the rest of the space is white and gray.  Just painting another - larger - wall blue would have given this place some life, some character.  Or get a pre-printed mural of the outdoors.  Or hang historical photos or motivational posters on the outsides of the cubicles.  Instead, it feels like the prisons we so often go to in this job.  \\2.  I have to wear headphones to tune out everyone's conversations and radios around me, but the headphones hurt my ears after an hour of wear.  I would be happy with a tiny office the size of my cubicle, so long as it had walls and a door.  I concentrate much better in silence or with my own choice of sound.  Cubicles were designed to give people customizable privacy when the alternative was a row of desks in an open room, so cubicles were a step forward in that case.  But Deportation Officers used to be given offices since so much of our time is spent in the office instead of out in the field, so for us a cubicle is a step backward.\\3.  The other issue is choosing design without the input of the employees.  We all got white boards in our cubicles.  Not a single one of us uses a white board.  EVERYONE in my office either draws pictures or writes funny messages or personal mottos on their white boards, because they serve no useful function for us.  We could have told GSA that if someone asked us, but no one did.  Also, I use a convertible desktop that allows me to stand or sit while I'm working, but I'm very limited to where I can put it because of the layout of the cubicles.  It would have been nice to be able to say how we each wanted our cubicles to be laid out, especially since the point of a cubicle is to be customizable.  Not to mention, we are law enforcement officers, and yet the only way to sit at our cubicles is with our backs to the opening.  I actually put a giant mirror in mine so I can see who walks behind me.  There may not be any threats in my office, but we are of a certain mindset which is to be ready and on guard, so having our backs to the rest of the world does not help with concentration either.  It makes us feel uneasy.  And it means that we don’t use the keyboard tray that comes attached to our desks, because it’s only for the corner, so those who do choose to sit sideways to not have their backs to the opening can’t use the keyboard tray (and it needs to be able to lift higher when in use – we have a bunch of big guys that work here and that keyboard tray is just too low).\\Overall, the office is very modern, clean, and generally functional.  We have good security, TVs in common spaces, and a nice gym.  But no room for expansion and now we are hiring? And we have a server room that's too small for the amount of servers we need to accommodate all the computers we have?  (Also, go with a higher bidder next time on the door locks - ours frequently don't work, so we are often locked out or locked in.)  Be more personal instead of treating every government office as if it’s exactly the same.  I understand the need for equality, but be equal in allowing ALL offices to customize their spaces within their budget.  Allow for differences from cubicle to cubicle.  My neighbor and I don’t do things the same way, we don’t even do the exact same tasks since we are on different units, so naturally we would design our workspaces differently.  Be flexible about the needs of the people you are designing a space for and ASK FOR THEIR INPUT.  We spend more waking hours in the office than we do at home, so the office needs to feel like a home away from home if you want us to be extremely satisfied with our space.  However, I do appreciate how clean and secure our new space is, and the convenience of the location, so thank you for that.
In my opinion, the grounds need improved landscaping outside the CLC main entrance and better cleanup of cigarette butt's. There are large patches of mostly weeds/dirt in front that is a poor visual of the building. Inside staff do well cleaning except for vacuuming the offices. Otherwise my only other complaint is the noise levels/echoing in the hallways.
The building inside and out used o be wonderful.  The day porter keeps the inside of the building as clean as she can with the material that they give her. The problem is that se frequently does not have the material needed to do the job correctly. he day porter also used to clean outside the building. Now she is not allowed to.  The outside of he building is horrible. There is constantly garbage all over, bird droppings everywhere, dead leave and plants material all over. The common area outside the building is no longer usable as it is so filthy. The building has gone down hill.
I am very concerned about the lack of security in the building, especially considering that the conference center attracts a great deal of visitors.\\Also, there is a constant foul odor in the restrooms (from the drains), despite how clean the janitors keep them.  The odor is unbearable.
Individual cubicles should be vacuumed regularly due to food on the floor of some. Thanks
The 8th floor west water fountain is not cold.  I requested maintenance twice.  There response is that it is fixed, but the water is still not cold.\\The building installed low flow urinals in the restrooms.  The volume of water used to automatically flush the urinals is so low that their is always urine in the urinals.  The restroom towel dispensers often jam and remain jammed all day.  Water pools on the sink tops in the restrooms and then drips on the floors.\\The outside of the building looks dirty.
I love this building, I am just concerned about the cyclic maintenance and that we are planning for replacement. things like carpet and tile flooring care need to happen, but we are just stretched too thin operationally. Also, there is a historic grass lawn that accompanies this building and it is now gone because the irrigation was not happening, but dust mitigation was not put in place, there are also historic palm trees and one has perished.  We are definitely pulled in so many directions, I just don't want to lose sight of making sure to try to keep everything at a base level of ok because it is a lovely historic renovation.
Need a standing desk.
No individual office to provide direct patient care - one office has been vacant since February but it is not usable since we have not been able to get a desk in it, told it would be 9-10mths for a desk - bathroom that I typically use is absolutely disgusting - dirty floors and walls, sometimes bugs, cracks on tile, often clogged sink, often no paper towels
The air conditioning is not consistence through out our office, one area will be colder that another area. I have already made building management aware of the issue.
My main complaint is it is so cold in here. Have to sit with a blanket and jacket on most of the day and that is all year long.  And I am not the only one.  Most people around me have to do the same thing.
We have offices but my neighbor has to come through my office to get to his.  Makes it a little annoying when he has traffic coming and going while I am trying to manage a webinar from my desktop.
No comments
The security access to the property is extremely week, the gate could not stop a pedestrian from running through it.
The cubicles are not well constructed, it can be very noisy, and they don't vacuum or clean them well.
Well over a year ago a project was started to re-do the landscape for the building. The project is not done. It has taken entirely too much time to complete. It is ugly and a waste of taxpayers money. The majority of the plants planted are California poppy's, a wildflower, which has taken over and looks awful. The company doing the project spent time re-doing the irrigation, however they are still out there watering with a hose. There was no weed barrier put down, and again the weeds have taken over. When the workers are actually here working, it appears they are doing nothing. Again it looks awful and I can only imagine the cost, which is a waste of taxpayers money! It's embarrassing to the Government.\\777 Sonoma Ave, Santa Rosa, CA 95404
always on edge of having to relocate or move
the picking up trash is very inconsistent.  Vacuuming is inconsistent
I am extremely dissatisfied with the parking situation.  Every day, people without parking permits are allowed to use the spaces reserved for prosecutors in this office -- and nothing seems to be done about it.  The signs are insufficient to warn people not to park, and there is no enforcement.  In addition, parents dropping their kids at the daycare in the building regularly use our reserved spots in the morning, at the same time when we need to park to get to work.  The parents apparently believe they have authorization to do so, but that is not the case, and no one apparently has told them otherwise.  It's a ridiculous situation.
THE SERVICE AND CONDITION OF THE RICHFORD PORTS IS DEPLORABLE AND EMBARRISING FOR THE TRAVELING PUBLIC TO VIEW.  FOR EXAMPLE, UNPAINTED OR HALF PAINTED CURBING AND CANOPY COLUMS.  THE EXTERIOR AND INTERIOR OF THE BUILDINGS IS AWFUL.  PLUMBING PROBLEMS, ELECTRICAL PROBLEMS AND A MAINTENANCE MAN AND HIS BOSS WHO DO NOTHING ABOUT IT. MAINTENANCE MAN HAS BEEN SEEN DRIVING HIS TRUCK AWAY FROM THE PORTS DURING DUTY HOURS AND IS UNAPROACHABLE AND UNAVAILABLE. IN MY 16 PLUS YEARS OF FEDERAL SERVICE I HAVE NOT SEEN SUCH POOR SERVICE. THE SERVICE BEING PROVIDED TO THE RICHFORD PORTS IS UNSATISFACTORY TO SAY THE LEAST.
Overall, it's pretty good. It's noisy from other conversations and laughter. Our roof leaks in certain areas and the roofing contractor has not been able to fix it. The carpets are worn and the ventilation system needs balancing.
There's inadequate soundproofing by the kitchen on the renovated 2nd floor of 2200 C St NW that makes it difficult to work. Building management are more consumed with what goes on walls than with solving problems around the building.
Generally, I am very happy with my work space and working in this building. However, I have requested to get an adjustable lift to my desk where my computer is located so that I can stand while I work. I have yet to hear back about this. Also, I don't have a sense of air flow in my office.\\Also, when I have needed to speak to Karen Queen, the building manager, I have found her to be rude and unhappy about helping me.\\Further, I am concerned about a loop hole in the security the monitors who can enter our building. I have noticed that on occasion, people have slipped in through the doors to the garage and the other back door without being noticed by the security guards.
No additional comments
1. Adding concrete in front of entry way was a great improvement, Thank you  - the toilets in the restrooms don't get all waste down on the first flush
cramp working space and it is a very uncomfortable space to work in, it in turns create health issues such as back & leg pain
Open workspace concept has been proven to lower productivity due to noise level and similar distraction, increase probability of spreading illness to coworkers, and is counterproductive to positive social interaction
I work at many locations, overall the amount of space is inadequate, and the security at the county clinics is nonexistent.
Temperature should be better controlled during winter time, it's too cold.  Many people at this office have complained.
No changes to the entry point / perimeter security since the shooting in April of 2015 where a guard was killed. GSA does not consider the security of the tenants as a priority. Mowing the grass or not mowing the grass gets more consideration.
air conditioning goes out a few times per year, specific office is not level, palmetto bugs present several times a month, fleas arrived this spring.  Lighting is good and parking is fair when all staff is present.  Difficult to transit between offices on the second floor (several up/down stairs to get to end of hallway).
Criminal Facilities are generally non responsive to issues regarding not working AC.  For example, on 6/21 my AC unit was not working and this was reported to facilities.  By 6/25 nothing had been done to fix the problem.  This is consistent with other issues and lack of responsiveness in the past.  It is unacceptable.
There is now multi-year construction project in the building that bisects the building.  Out of the 13 floors, only one is open for available access to the rest of the facilities.   My wing is now isolated as needed facilities [cafeteria, admin offices, shower] are located on other side of construction, so extremely inconvenient to access.   Plus a safety issue in the case of any incident on our side.  Plus, the construction workers hog all the elevators and make it difficult for us working here to catch one.
Pertaining to the interior spaces for employees, I think better management of cleaning group.  It doesn't take 3 people to paint the inside of a utility closet while the immediate floors and restroom need to be cleaned.  Priorities seem to be off.
There is renovation being done on the 4th floor without adequate ventilation and noise control! We have experienced burning of the eyes and headaches. We contact security for an exhaust fan which they did not have. A regular box fax was placed in our office door, which had to remain opened although this office is secured office and not opened to the public. If there is any type of construction being done in the building, proper safety equipment should be available for surrounding or affected offices/suites.
I am grateful for the awesome responsiveness of building staff, as well as management staff.  Accessibility to both has been above expectation and appreciated.  Including staff who quickly provided cost estimate for potential restructuring of a few of our offices.  Off the charts awesome!
Can not get issue fixed in a timely manner. Took months to get our light bulbs replaced. Bathroom sinks either run constantly or won't come on at all, toilets do not properly flush. I have no idea who to get to fix  issues, my supervisor does nothing.
The lights auto adjust and it is never when they should be. Causing the work area to be too bright or too dark. Air temperature is very inconsistent. Each floor temperature is very different as well.
More desk space is needed.  Not everything is best done on a computer screen.  At a minimum, an L-shaped cubical was an ideal form for a work space.  These no longer exist in the office.
People have been assaulted by homeless people around this building.  They constantly come around begging for money and cigarettes.  If you don't give them, they attack.  It was reported to the guards and police.  They said there was no footage of the incidents because the camera on the outside of the building do not work.  They is vomit and other un-mentables on the sidewalks.  They bathroom floors are covered with dried smelly sticky urine.  The elevators do not stay open long enough for someone to get in.  When getting out the doors close too quickly.
My space is in a hallway with not much privacy because of lighting that is an issue for me/need to be away from connecting cubicles
There is just not enough room for the patient rooms and the nurses station to be separated, not enough seating at the nurses station for nurses/doctors to do their charting. Not enough space in the patient rooms for another chair for extra family members or for the nurse/doctor to do their exams. No availability of supplies for exams in patient rooms due to CMS protocols/restrictions, we have to keep going out of the rooms for supplies that are needed suddenly.  Not enough room in employee break room for everyone to have their meals sitting down, takes too long to go down to the cafeteria and eat. The plumbing is a constant problem because the building is old, had several ceiling leaks in the dept. from the floors above us. The building is probably not up to code anymore. Spending more money on repairs rather than a new building. Not enough parking spaces for employees and public, a three tier parking might be successful? Rather than trying to find more property for parking,  why not build upwards?
Most of the time its to "stuffy with very little to no air been vented or circulating on the work area, especially over the summers. Floor fans help until some coworkers turns them off for personal comfort..
The garage parking is too expensive and takes a long time to retrieve my car during baseball games. I'm very unhappy with the parking garage.
Work in open work space, but its current design is not conducive to move around in without bumping into a counter, or wall.
Basic maintenance functions in restrooms such as fixing handles that rotate toilet paper rolls are not addressed without a call to facilities. Wood bathroom doors don't close due to swelling from excess moisture.  Bathrooms are poorly ventilated and smell.  Temperatures in office spaces are frequently too hot or too cold. In summer, exterior windows have had condensation that covers them.  Many employees have respiratory issues due to mold and/or dust in work spaces.  Noise in work spaces from conversations, printers, and carts etc in hallways is distracting.
Although I do not sit in one of the "half-cubicles" (cubicles with partitions that most people can see over when seated), I hate them and do not wish to end up in one. I feel bad for the people who have to deal with it. Destroying the physical privacy element a full sized cubicle affords is unfair and the assignment is completely arbitrary. All cubicles should have full sized walls.\\-- In re: Brookhaven Campus IRS.
When issues arise, I contact GSA immediately.  It takes forever (or not at all) to get the issue resolved.  The smokers stand very close to the building and the smell comes inside and I have to walk through it to get into the office.  Some, not all, of the maintenance staff need a class on professional behavior. The entire building/bathrooms/common spaces need a complete renovation. It is embarrassing to have outside guests (high ranking SES) visit our building.
we are moving to a building that will have no physical protection/security. Our present building has a security guard, visitor sign-in sheet, and metal detector. Employees are entitled to a safe working environment; no security puts employees in harm's way, as evidenced by past events that have taken place at our building, and other IRS locations.  Whomever made this decision never took into consideration that our state has no mass transit infrastructure, so many people are reliant upon their personal vehicles to get to and from work. There is no close parking; handicap parking is at least a building away ("remote"), which defeats the purpose of handicap accommodation. This means problems, not just for just for handicapped employees, but able-bodied employees and the public we serve.  Bathroom facilities with two to three stalls may not be sufficient, especially, for ladies restrooms.
New staff garage has never been completed, elevators that were supposed to be installed for staff and patients who need them has never been completed.  You can not park on the top level during snow events, which is totally unacceptable.
The manager of the building Ellis is very good, responsive, and professional. Overall, the building is in good condition and managed well and has several features that add to the comfort and support of employees. Things I would add to improve my satisfaction of the building are (1) have a way to keep the lights on when someone is working at their desk and not moving around much. (2) Have extra restroom supplies available within the restroom just in case something runs out. (3) Have a way of reducing or muffling sounds in offices since the walls tend to reflect sound. (4) Have more consistent vacuuming of personal workspaces. Dusting would be nice, too. For safety and security (1) have locks available for all office doors; and (2) put a fence around the employee/visitor parking lot to add security since there is no security personnel on site: The gated parking lot on site has less problems of non-visitors or nonemployees, loitering, parking, or crossing the lot, making it more secure. Businesses in the area tend to use the unfenced lot making parking harder for visitors and employees, too. Having a fence would deter unapproved use of the parking lot.
Building cleaning seems to be at a bare minimum level. No dusting occurs. Carpets are vacuumed regularly.  My office is only vacuumed when I make an explicit request.\Non-emergency building repairs take an excessively long time to resolve; sometimes months.
Besides it being much too cold on my floor most of the time especially in the summer months my building is just fine.
It would be helpful if the cleaning personnel (Diane), who covers the 15th floor, did not clean the bathrooms right at the time most people are leaving the office for the day.
i have asked for pest control for months and still have not receives an appropriate fix  allegedly they "spray" when we aren't here. I had two roaches fall out of the celling on to my keyboard in the last three months and 2 run across my foot yesterday. Prior to that we had a year long ant problem
The building is under renovation so some of the issue of less than extremely satisfied are related to the yet to b completed work such as the elevators. But when completed this will be a beautiful building.
My office gets really cold at times, to the point it interferes with work.
The overall quality is a travesty. The outer wall is separating from the building and will no doubt eventually fall into the parking lot, the solution was to plaster over the gaps caused by the wall movement. The elevator has been down and repaired so many times its a running joke by both office personal and the general public that visits for business. Its interesting when the elevator is compared to a blow torch due to the accumulation of hydraulic oil in the pit because of the severe leaks. In some areas The "Secure" area gate for GSA vehicles  tends to stick open so often due to failing equipment that its secure in name only. The toilets tend to stick so often that several people in the building need to apply for their state plumbing license, no doubt because of the lack of care of the building owner they would probably pass. The Emergency lightning looks great when the power is on, when the power is out though you'll need to make sure you brought your flashlight. One of the side egress points has electrical wiring with wire nuts exposed, your fine as long as you don't reach up. Some roof leaks progressed for such a long time that paper exposed in the area began to mold, I'm sure they've checked for mold in the leaky areas given how fastidious they are for maintenance. What's interesting is that this list took less than 3 minutes to make, But I realize I'm just wasting my time as nothing will actually be rectified.
Furniture and conference rooms need to be updated; Flooring in hallways and bathrooms extremely dated; bathrooms need a complete overhaul; roaches in every bathroom as well; fixtures in bathrooms are leaky and sinks need to be replaced.
My computer desk does not fit  with the additional space meaning it is not all level.  My mouse has to be used on the surface to the side of my keyboard surface and there is a huge gap on each side of my keyboard workspace to each side left and right of the adjacent workspaces.  They are not level at all to one another.  The chairs provided are extremely uncomfortable and do not fit the workspaces well.
The location of the building is close to a homeless shelter, and they loiter the exterior of the building asking for money, the location is such that parking is extremely expensive.
Overall, the space is good.  However, there are times that the temperature gets to be too cool or too hot.  I reported once but don't think anything came of it.  Also, it would be better if the cleaning staff could come earlier in day.  My Recycle bin has not been emptied in a while and I'm not sure why.\Grounds are beautiful and building interior is kept very clean.
From what I understand, the carpet has not been cleaned in over 10 years.  The air quality in the building affects my allergies.
The HVAC system, in addition to being loud, directs warm air down the cold windows and onto my feet-I sit at a cubicle, one of the walls of which is the window wall.  Also, after the window blinds were cleaned, the mechanism to move the louvers open or closed no longer works.
I'm really surprised with the lack of facilities for eating outdoors. There are no picnic tables or even a pavilion to sit under on nice days. There's only a break room with an old TV that people travel through to get to the back parking lot. It's definitively not a quiet place to relax for a few minutes.
I work multiple areas at this location.  As I said, this was a temporary building.  Its been used for 20 years and is in desperate need of repairs.  The mold is everywhere and makes people sick.  The facility itself is a terrible design for a port of entry.  When busses are processed, people stand outside because there is no room inside for them.  Everything is outdated and in need of attention.
The building is falling apart.  The hvac system fails once a week.  There is junk all over the side entrance. The roof leaks. We have one maintenance person to handle the entire  building.  The garage area is also full of junk and supplies.
My workspace is closest to the break room and conference room. Having a door to block out the sound is extremely important when writing work products, preparing for inspections and conducting WebEx/Team calls
I am very pleased with this building, especially with the cleanliness and the security.  The cleaning staff comes quietly and respectfully into our workspace and removes,  trash boxes, etc., whatever is needed. They are courteous and quietly greet the employees working here.  The lady that cleans the fourth floor restrooms does a very thorough job and I am comfortable using those facilities. The security staff is friendly but also very aware of what is going on on the floors and outside in the parking lot and nearby. I feel safer in this building than I have in the many buildings that I have worked in my 42 years at the IRS. My only issue is the freight elevator being down for a while which is a little bit frustrating when bringing carts full of packages up and down to the mail room. Generally, I find myself working more often in the office because the building is clean, quiet, comfortable and safe.
Need to keep the temperature of the building warmer during winter season.\Need to keep the bathrooms clean, desk area and trash needs replaced twice a day rather than once a day.
Better signage to elevators would assist visitors.\Lovely space overall.\Calibrate restroom faucet sensors more frequently.\Lack place to wash lunch dish.\Trash cans outside bathroom doors require touching them in order to use them.
My office is often too cold, but better too cold than to hot.  The security seems like a bit much, but better than having an issue.  More trees out front would be nice (the circle out front is bear and trees make cleaner air and lower air temperature) and less pesticide/herbicide and less annuals -- the landscaping up keep seems very expensive (and seems like too much pesticide/herbicide is used).  The natural areas are very nice.  I have been in the same office for almost 19 years.  It was painted once at about year three -- new paint (and not in greyed-white) would be nice!  The decorations on my walls are placed to hide scuffs and holes.  Thanks!
The large waiting room is open to the triage and exam rooms.  There is lots of through traffic that impacts noise level and interference with MD and nursing staff work.
My floor is too cold in the winter and too hot in the summer.
I find the workstation very comfortable.
Again, desk isn't functional as put an executive desk and credenza together to make an "l" shaped desk. desk too high as my feet don't touch the ground. and very uncomfortable. this furniture was from the district office when they moved out. Really need a real "L" shaped desk so is functional.
Compared to other offices where I have worked previously, it is a definite improvement over all of them.
Would be nice if the restrooms were cleaned regularly and if the exterior stairs were repaired.  It is difficult for handicapped veterans to access the building.  It would be nice if a handicapped entrance were closer to the building.
temperature control. Not enough heat in winter, too cold in summer. local thermostats (in office and hallways) are useless.
The size is fine, but the layout and acoustics make it such that we can hear literally any conversation in this entire wing. Their is no privacy and making work calls is an issue because there is no quiet/private space.
Our facilities/logistics person at Department of Homeland Security, Undersecretary for Management, Washington DC, 1201 New York Avenue Buidling, Robert Snyder (202-357-8548) has a horrible attitude when it comes to building facilities.  When you ask him a question about the facilities or meeting rooms, he wants you to resolve problem. He does not have the patience or time for you, the customer.  His customer service skills are awful and he is very mean spirited.  He needs to be reassigned to other duties immediately.
It is extremely difficult to concentrate. My previous office was a single space with a door. I no longer have that luxury. What makes it worse is that the design of the furniture places my back to all the traffic. I feel that I have sustained a severe neck injury from having to jerk my head around because people coming up behind me.
B.4010 has expanded since it was originally built.  No one had the foresight to add additional men's restrooms.  The ground keeping/mowing gets neglected around the building and test stands and no one does anything about it until we complain.  The grass gets cut and then we are forgotten until we complain again.  The cycle repeats.  Very embarrassing when customers come to our building and see the condition.  As long as the administration building looks nice that's all that matters!\(NASA Stennis Space Center, MS, Bldg. 4010)
Partitions are never the way to go. We hear every single phone conversation and when you have more than 1 at the same time it gets quite nerve-wracking! It's hard to concentrate.
The workstations need to be reconfigured and should include doors to accommodate our larger  caseloads that also require to be under lock and key.
Buildings are well designed and maintained.  My personal office carpet is a bit dirty and may need to be refreshed with a shampoo.
The airport is currently undergoing a major renovation project.  With that there is a reasonable expectation of less cleanliness, more noise, and inconsistent HVAC. It would be unfair of me to rate a majority of areas as they are under construction.
This a federal prison, I work in custody and work spaces are constantly changing.
I work in a laboratory.  My work/computer space is in the laboratory.  It is a shared workspace. It is not an ideal "personal workspace".  It is small, non-private.  No place to put personal items.
The Cafeteria is terrible.   The owner is grumpy.  The prices are ridiculous and the food is bland.
The Clark side of the building lacks air conditioning as the office temperature will rise to 79 or 80 degrees. The bathroom are filthy within a couple of hours of opening the doors to the public. Toilet paper and hand towels are not refilled frequently enough in order to keep up with the volume of people that use the restrooms.
The layout for managing patients isn't at all conducive to efficiency or productivity
Open workspace with no partitions, no assigned work space, extremely unclean with lack of disinfecting wipes, cleaning crew vacuums during business hours with no respect for those on conference calls, bathrooms often have no soap, hand towels or toilet paper, unable to schedule conference room last minute, always being pushed out of meetings rooms exactly on the dot which interrupts important meetings, technology as desks do not match and monitors are not fixed when reported they are broken.
We have uneven pavement at the entrance to our tunnel.  Last November, I stepped on the edge of the uneven section, my foot turned sideways, I was thrown off balance and I wrenched my back.  I reported the incident, completed all the required paperwork, and had to go for three chiropractic treatments (at my own expense because it did not turn it into a workers comp claim).  The uneven pavement still has not been repaired.  No one even contacted me about it.  It's still there with a rug thrown over it just like it was when I was hurt.\\The air quality in the mines is terrible.  There is dust and dirt all over.  It lays on the walls and balls up on my desk top.  The overhead air unit creates a draft that is not only cold but it stirs up the dust.  Many of us sit there sneezing.  My eyes burn and tear and I have a runny nose most of the day.  It's miserable!
Need more spaces to work on training, program management, and focal point duties which are not connected to noisy operations area.
the rest rooms need working soap dispensers\\smokers need to pick up their cigarette butts, when the cleaning staff cleans the outside cigarettes it smells when they return into the buidling
The building is old and has so many issues that it needs to be bulldozed.  It was build to be a temporary additon many years ago.
The pop machine has been empty numerous times, and sometimes has the wrong beverage loaded.
Too many people, too little space.
The only good points: our security officers and custodial personnel are the best, period - friendly and professional. That said: the offices themselves are non-functional and there are too few of them! Lack of a window is very depressing. The glass walls conduct too much sound and do not admit daylight, which they were supposed to do. You have to move everything whenever glass cleaning gets scheduled,  so if you are on travel when it is announced, be prepared to return to broken items. You can't hang a picture without getting some sort of special hook that nobody seems to know how to acquire. You have to keep your door closed to mitigate sound and traffic even a little bit, which means people are isolated (but the noise STILL comes in, and there is NO privacy for sensitive business calls). The built-in furniture is inadequate - nowhere near enough accessible storage space, and not at all ergonomic. Power plug-in locations are incompatible with the built-in furniture, so you have to run all your wiring in your work area rather than behind the desk - and if you have mobility challenges as I do, you need help just to reach the plugs to plug anything in. Unlike any other federal building I've ever worked in, offices are never dusted or vacuumed unless you put in a special work order.  To even try to get anything in your office changed to work better requires ridiculous levels of negotiation and approval with multiple offices including the Directorates themselves (and we almost never get approval for any change at all). Air quality is terrible. There aren't enough offices to accommodate existing personnel, much less needed hires. In the garage, the ventilation fans are so loud as to be painful. In the garage 3rd level, there is a long-standing and very strong smell of raw sewage around the central cage. These office spaces are the single biggest drain on productivity, and the single biggest negative to working here.
In the office spaces the temperatures are too hot in the winter and too cold in the summer.  It's very rare to be comfortable in my office.
they can't seem to regulate the temp in this bldg.  its always too hot or too cold.\bathroom is out of order a lot, towel rack was broken for a long time, recently fixed\\we had a problem for a few months with bed bugs.  that was upsetting. and most recently with ants.
Building stairwells need to be cleaned more regularly. Otherwise the space is nice and well kept.
Although many of the security personnel in the building are extremely friendly and professional, I am very sorry to report that some are terribly unprofessional to building visitors (non-federal employees). On multiple occasions I have heard certain of the security personnel make explicitly racist comments about building visitors based on their apparent national origin or limited English proficiency, often based on the assumption that the visitors, and presumably the employees passing by, do not understand the language(s) the security guards are speaking. I wish I had spoken up at the time regarding these incidents, but I did not know whom to contact. It outrages me as a federal employee that guests to the building, nearly all of whom are here to interact with government agencies in sensitive capacities such as disability hearings or immigration proceedings, are treated so rudely by certainly security personnel from the first moment they enter the building.
Our jobs require extreme concentration so we should all have high walls due to the noise level.  The sounds carries in our office as it is an open workspace.  It is difficult to concentrate with the low walls.\Sinks and soap occasionally do not work in women's restroom and floors have water on them near toilets.
The building is old, the heat doesn't work in the winter and the air conditioning doesn't work in the summer.  The downtown area is generally dirty and unsafe, many homeless asking for handouts.  It is not uncommon to find feces, used condoms, bottles filled with urine on the sidewalks, in the parking lots.  Employees pay for parking and have to walk several blocks alone in dimly lit areas, can be dangerous at off ours when some of the work needs to be accomplished.
I was frustrated at the lack of response for a simple request to change out the door lock.  It took several messages to the building manager and over 2 months to affect this action.
the carpets are stained and dirty.  The soap in the restroom is so old that it has mold in it.  I routinely buy liquid soap for the restroom and bring it in.  The kitchen area has no dish soap at all even though many people use plates and forks, etc.  \The air conditioning system does not provide consistent temperatures throughout the building making the temperatures in office spaces very cold so that it can be normal in other areas.
The workspace is a cheap, nonfunctional area that requires modification to perform the tasks required.
The "handicap accessibility" of this facility is a joke. I cannot imagine how someone on crutches or in a wheelchair is supposed to pull the doors open to gain entry. The vending machines are junk; they constantly eat money, malfunction, or dispense warm soda or stale/melted product. I have encountered better vending machines inside a state prison. What have we done to deserve this?
The temperature in the office is at or below 70 degrees year round.   We are forced to use blankets and coats, but it doesn't help the fingers and toes.
I wish the survey had the option of "very satisfied" or "quite satisfied."  "Extremely satisfied" suggests that there is little room for improvement, and "somewhat satisfied" suggests that it's okay but not great.  I'm generally quite satisfied with all of the building issues, but there certainly are areas that can be improved.
need to have an ability to control thermostat setting
I handle litigated cases for my agency. Open air concepts are not ideal for the privacy my job requires when communicating with someone on the phone. Other employees listen into sensitive phone calls and make comments during and after my phone calls. Putting up two simple walls could have corrected this. Other than that I believe the building is very nice on the inside and outside.
We work in a barn atmosphere. As a Human Resources employee and dealing with the public, it is embarrassing. The ventilation is terrible. The noise level is terrible. We do not have drop ceilings in our area so the HVAC are very noisy.
This is an older building owned by the agency. Our facilities maintenance staff are offsite and overworked, so much of the day to day concerns falls to our Administrative Assistant. This is not a good way to keep facilities in good condition. Budget cuts are very apparent. Old carpet, old stained ceiling tiles, old paint.
but everyone can hear what taxpayers are talking and it is not private.
This building has not been secure since I started here and now, since we're under construction, it's never secure. We received Active Shooter Training that brought to light that we would probably be sitting ducks. I know Homeland Security does everything they can, it's not their fault. Here's having faith we don't get attacked :)
I believe the security staff and building maintenance staff do a great job.  They are very friendly and work hard.  I scored lower than the best choice due to the bathrooms being small and not very clean.  However, other than cleaning them more frequently, I'm not sure there is much more that can be done.  I believe the staff are doing the best they can to keep the restrooms clean with the time they have to do it and the manpower they have available.  The people using the restrooms are just getting it dirty.
The new security measures are overly burdensome and mostly pointless.  Why should a person have to take of their belt?  Why can I wear a thick shirt going through security, but not a jacket?  The measures are so ridiculous and they are now more of a hassle than security at an airport (and I work here every day).  Also, many of the guards are rude and some are even obnoxious while doing their job.
Desktop setup for monitor(s) requires my back to be facing the entrance to cube which I do not like. The interior of building needs updated with new carpeting and paint. Cube partitions, fabric panels need fixed in areas. Room (cubes) nameplates constantly fall off of fabric panels.
I am very lucky to have an office.  I also have a standup desk.  It would be great if we had longer extension cords for our computers so that we could make better use of stand up desks.
The snack bar on the 2d floor of the building, which has been existence at least for the last 8 years, was closed at the beginning of the year and replaced with minimal vending machines.  We regularly have outside parties in meetings that often last most of the day. The previous café provided a variety of sandwiches, snacks (including healthy alternatives), waters, coffee, tea, salads, bagels, and much more.  The current vending machines are very limited and contain mostly unhealthy snacks, carbonated beverages, and coffee. Additionally, it is not uncommon for one or more of those machines to be inoperable.  When the café was still in existence, the attendees of our meetings could obtain something substantial and healthy for lunch and our meetings could continue uninterrupted.  Even if operated a loss, the service and food provided by the former café was an invaluable service to the employees and their guests and the decision to replace it with vending machines should be seriously reconsidered.  Thank you.
Poor cleaning of the bathroom
This building is awful.  No security.  No fence that surrounds the office building.  No signs that say stay off property, etc., etc., etc.  I have taken these stupid surveys for 10 years and nothing happens.  You people do not care about the safety of your employees.  If you did, you would install a fence around the perimeter and you would put adequate security in this building. we have a gate, but the gate makes no sense if you do not have fencing around the perimeter of the building.  That is the dumbest thing I have ever seen.  Seriously people!!!  Protect the people that work for you.  Why don't you give a crap.  I have been constantly encountered by strangers in the parking lot that I SHOULD NOT have to deal with.  I should feel safe and I DO NOT FEEL SAFE here! No one does.    You are putting our lives at risk by keeping us in the building.  No one cares.  You don't even read these stupid surveys.  If you did you would get us out of this crap hole or at least install perimeter fencing!  we have protests at this building and there is no perimeter fencing. Is it going to take a person to get hurt in order for something to happen???
The sinks in the women's restroom on the 5th floor in the South Tower and soap dish need to be fixed.  Only 1 sink sort of works and only 1 soap dish is available as 1 is broke.
It is always too cold in the interior offices.
The low wall cubical design helps with interoffice communication and my ability to monitor the evolving situations in my inter-agency dispatch office.  It does not allow for private or sensitive conversations that are sometimes required.  It also negatively affects my ability to concentrate on critical projects.
Office is old exam room. Room is narrow and desk barely fits. Limited room for anyone else to be in the office. The air conditioning does not work properly - it has been looked at and repair was attempted but they are unable to correct the issues due to only one air output in the far end of the room.
There is an issue with the thermostat in the room that has no display since last year. I called and reported a couple of times and no one has fixed it yet.
Our assigned housekeepers do a tremendous job, last few months their hours were cut to the point their income was reduced to the point they have to double up on their work to maintain the cleanliness they are accustom to no one work as hard and dedicated to getting it right as Ms. Alice Roundtree.  Over the past years everyone has marveled at her ability to keep this place in ship shape order.  I would hate to see her have to leave because her income is not supporting her and bottom line her integrity and honesty is above reproach, really hard to find this day and age.
Personal workspace also serves as small room meeting space, as meeting spaces are often booked.  Can be quite crowded.
I sit directly under the HVAC in my cubicle. It drones on all the time. The building is cold in the summer and in the winter. I keep an extra shirt and hat handy for when it is real cold. The lunch room door has been in  disrepair for years and is steadily getting worse.
This structure is showing signs of fracturing in the walls. The building over 40 years old, constructed of cinder blocks and no insulation. The electrical wiring is not adequate with the changes in technology.
My office is in good shape, but the temperature regulation is a problem. Hot in winter, cold in summer. A thermostat should be available to local personnel not just facilities maintenance personnel.
The area is too open. At times the noise from other coworkers talking on the phone makes it difficult to hear what is being said on a incoming call.
Workspace is generally too small for the amount of people working in space. There is not enough storage for files. My workspace is also used to store project files. Building and office is difficult to find for customers.
We are very upset with the way our new lease was negotiated. We have already felt the effects as several of our staff have either started looking or have found new jobs. Many of our commutes will double and our leadership will be out for an entire day to attend one meeting due to the proximity of our counterparts.
Carpets in our office do not get clean unless one of us vacuums them. Our vacuum cleaner is old and does not work well. \\It appears we are responsible in keeping dust off our desks. The cleaning staff does do a good job in removing garbage on a daily basis.
Building is old; many workspace offices are enclosed with no windows and the air circulation is poor.  Office get very hot in the summer, cold in the winter.  \\Overall cleanliness of the building is superb - staff work hard to keep it in very good shape.
Bathroom has same dirt several days at a time, same with water fountains.\\Toilets are calibrated and won't flush - push button is worn and wont work\\Office space not cleaned regularly - dusting, vacuuming, carpet cleaning\\Arriving at work in the dark at 5:30 - exterior lights are out for several days
The building is under construction.  No one should be in this building. There is clearly no interest in considering the impact tot he tenants and no interest on the part of the government to correct the situation.
The move the Alexandria was a nightmare. I would quit if I could.
None
Unable to conduct a professional phone calls with all the noise due to this open workspace environment.
none.
It would be nice to have an assigned workspace equipped with a movable table top.
When I was in industry, two different companies, each engineer had their own office.  My engineers have low wall cubicles.  Distractions can reduce quality designs and productivity.
Two issues:\First -due to the nature of some jobs, there is a need for a more private workspaces so that calls with external stakeholders are more private. There are not enough of these spaces to accommodate those that do this business, and having to move to a "meeting room" to hold a call with a stakeholder is problematic, due to 1) access to meeting rooms, and 2) fielding calls that come in to my office.\Secondly, when our common area icemaker went out, the building manager chose not to replace it, making it necessary to travel to another floor's common area for ice- takes time away from the job - or do without.
Not conducive to an ergonomic workspace/office.
Space is good, furniture is old, but serviceable.  We could use more ergonomic workstations for our computers.\\The restrooms continue to be a problem.  There has been no soap in the women's restrooms now for most of the month of June.  There is always at least one broken paper towel dispenser.  One stall has never flushed well.
It is a bit small, feeling somewhat overcrowded ...
The area is NEVER dusted
Changing the design of our offices to open workspaces is the single most disastrous, most inefficient, least thought-off decision ever made by management. Reverse the order!
Its an interior office (NO windows), the walls are paper thin so noise and conversations come from adjacent offices - lacks sufficient privacy.
We are a two division facility and we don't have a shop at one of the facilities.
I am generally happy with the conditions of the building.  I answered some questions extremely dissatisfied so I could make comments throughout, even if I wasn't extremely dissatisfied. So I am sorry for skewing the results...I do wish I knew who to make suggestions/requests to - such as getting water bottle filling stations.  They have them in the DC offices, and it would be so nice to have them in Riverdale.  And one other suggestion - I do take the stairs a lot, but it can be a dangerous proposition if someone opens a door.  Would it impact the fire integrity of the stairwell if the doors to the stairwells had windows in them like other doors in the hallways?
Old wooden L-shaped desk crammed into half of an office. Wood is sticky and grimy. No work surface.
I'm unclear where the responsibility lies with regard to having the trash emptied from offices.  ...very inconsistent
Workspace is loud. No dusting happens on workstations causing buildup unless I do it myself, but I am not given the proper tools to do so.
The lighting on the Air Traffic Operation floor is too low which could eventually cause an accident by tripping over cords.
There are a lot of people in this office and more are coming. \There are a lot of smells in the office and the ventilation seems poor. \The bathrooms could be cleaner. The soap on the right wash station on the 9 floor ladies room has never worked.\The elevators don't always work.
Call Center design was a  poor design  with no thought given to seating, escape routes, being able to close the blinds,  partitions due to numerous calls going on with people on the same shift
the rooms are too small for people in wheel chairs to enter the room and to have the needed equipment in the room as well.
It is difficult to get building owners to address issues like leaks and air conditioning in a timely manner.
I typically arrive at work by 7am and it's very hot in my cubicle until the air conditioning comes on at 8am. The temperature in my cubicle is manageable the rest of the day if I leave my cubicle lights and desk lamp off, don't wear socks, and remove my shoes.  \  \Thanks very much for improving the quality of toilet paper and hand towels in the bathroom, recently.  Also, the batting average of the soap dispensers containing soap has improved tremendously, thanks again.
Garbage cans in offices are not emptied in a routine manner and vacuuming is not consistent.
The winter salting of the sidewalks/parking lots has improved; however, could still use more attention (salt distributed more evenly instead of little piles; parking lot, particularly where curbs are: snow could be "shoveled" away from curb, instead of piling snow & blocking parking spot).
cleaning company only cleans our personal bathrooms 1x per week. our space is always hot and very dusty. not cleaned even weekly.
Staff toilet facilities and kitchen in the visitor center building are appalling and frankly, a health hazard. Trash in toilet and at desks is not being emptied. Fruit flies in workspaces not uncommon because of this.
No security, 15 year old trailer, No separation from public entering all day, no privacy when talking, noise from trucks and jets, lights never work, dangerous in a strong storm or tornado, we are an inspection station without enough room for all the trucks (police come over, neighbors complain). Barely enough parking space for employees and gov's. Floor becoming unlevel. Outside door about to fall off.
This building is an embarrassment to work in and is for lack of a better term toxic.  I have filled out this survey every year with basically the same issues, these issues never get addressed.  Some of the most disgusting bathrooms I Have ever come across.
Our office (the Norris Geyser Basin Squad Room) is extremely small for the number of employees assigned to this station.  Updates are needed to this historical structure.  The number of PCs available is inadequate.  There is no WiFi or cellular service in our residential areas.\\Thanks for asking.  We will make due with what we have.
I have a office that can accommodate visitors and includes a conference room used for GSA and Building tenant meetings, BSC, and project meetings.  This location is high profile to the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals and several projects are underway.
The air is smoky from outside air quality (wild fires, cigarettes, whatever else people are smoking on the street). Not to mention hot - it was over 100 for several days in 2017 and the issue was not addressed by building management. The office is noisy because doors must be kept open due to poor ventilation in the room, and from people yelling across the room as there has been no education on etiquette during the transition to open offices. There have been break-ins and such; we've not had shelter-in-place drills even though we are steps from the front door. The worst 'professional' work environment that I could imagine; would heavily influence my decision to accept another job. The only positive to this building is the gym and the dark basement where I can walk circles since going outside is such a displeasure in this neighborhood.
My team has been moved from its general area multiple times in the two years I have been in the building. The areas are converted for use by a single organization, Council on Federal Permitting and OIG (due to the flooding) but then never released back for general use. The Federal Permitting area says it's designated for OHR but no one is ever in the space and OIG cleared out of its space on the third floor but the area is now locked and unavailable for use.
None
Windowless, occasional leaks in ceiling, adjacent to noisy common area.
I have reported multiple issues in the last 12 months and I am ASTOUNDED not only by how quickly responses come to me, but also on the professionalism of the responders, the efforts to ensure I learn of the results, and the feedback I am included on for issues reported.  I work in an open work room, in an unrenovated part of 18F.  I am frequently uncomfortable that I overhear other employees' conversations and that they overhear my private conversations.  While it is feasible to adjust for out-going calls and to make them from a private space, the same is not true for in-coming calls; besides, it is a common occurrence that no conference rooms are available during the day without advance planning.  Vacuuming should be done daily (it is not, currently).  In general, complaints I have about elevators and bathrooms are more about them being old and outdated than with cleanliness.  Lately I have had a run where BookiT kicks me out before I can complete a reservation or the system is so slow that I have difficulty signing in and getting to meetings on time.  There should be better coordination about cleaning of rest rooms--often multiple rest rooms on a given floor are closed for an hour or more for cleaning at the same time.  The cleaning crews are very respectful and very friendly.  I am frequently in the building (upper floors) very late and have NEVER felt unsafe--the Security Team is very reliable and responsible.
Providing everyone with identical workspace and having floor to ceiling walls and doors (with glass tops so the light can get in) would help cut down noise levels and take up less space in the building.  It would also encourage people to keep their work spaces clean and stop storing boxes of no longer needed or used items in their offices.  This would also help with the air quality and get rid of the dust and the plant bugs. The building seems fine, it's the old dirty office walls and furniture we use and the dirty cluttered offices that make for a bad office.
Cleaning personnel are extremely efficient and always keep our working areas clean and ask if any concerns to please advise.
office is very cold.
People spit in the stairwells in SSMC2 !!!!  This is disgusting, dangerous, and un-hygienic.  Please put up signs in the stairwells stating "No Spitting".   These people are animals.\\I was also alarmed to hear that security guards in our building were arrested for extortion.  I don't really feel secure.
only one electrical outlet in personal office space, which is not adequate.  Often now very humid in office
The common walls of my office let a lot of noise in.  I can hear every word of my next door neighbor's conversations even when I am in my single-person office with my door shut, and they are in their single-person office with their door shut.
Regarding the flooring - the carpet in the lobby areas has stains. Not sure if carpet has been cleaned or not. If not an attempt to clean it should be done and if it has then replacement should be considered.
Not sure if I should have received this survey.
Lack of meeting space is puzzling.  We are seeing a trend to take away meeting space in buildings.
Cubicle ...3 sided
The building management is professional and helpful, but the air-handling is not working properly.  There is not enough heat in the winter and too hot in the summer.
Since we have gone from three days of telework to one day, the noise level has increased 100%.  The workspace that was built for the purpose of teleworking is no longer adequate.  There are no partitions which means the noise level is at times unbearable and very distracting.
The bathrooms are disgusting.  The cafeteria is outrageously expensive and have lost many customers. Temperature control is horrible.  It's warm in my office (put fan on as soon as I come in) while down the aisle it's cold.
Recently the custodial service has been declining from mediocre to horrible.  The hall floors are dirty and the bathroom floors have black streaks, footprints, and are visibly littered with hair and dust balls.  The bathroom counters and towel dispensers have been "cleaned" with wood furniture polish that leave an oily residue. The shower has not been cleaned in months and is therefore slippery with who-knows-what.  The stairwells are also disgusting - hair, debris, crumbs.  Our lab floors are mopped with dirty water that leaves a stink in air.  Our contractor continually assures us that changes are in the works, but things have actually gotten worse.
We don't have enough parking spaces, and poor public transportation options for getting to our facility are poor.
Partitions should be installed along heavy foot traffic areas and near printers. This creates too many distractions.
Warehousing is for experienced personnel. I understand that there will soon be pedestrians walking in spaces designed for heavy equipment and trucks. This presents an extreme hazard to both the pedestrians and the equipment operators. Bad design that is looking for serious injuries to move people in a warehouse environment.
Because of the proximity to the road, which is about 30 feet away fro my desk.  You hear the cars blowing their horn and the aggravation of city rush hour from your desk.  The open area means all conversations are heard across the room with little respect for others trying to do their work
Workstations don’t align under overhead lights, so some work areas are dark. All sounds from adcafent workspaces and as far as 30 feet away are easily heard and can be very distracting.
Our office will start "hoteling" cubicles for employees due to lack of space for new employees. This means employees will have to share tiny cubicles, most of which don't even have enough space for a guest chair, let alone two full time workers using the space. Meanwhile OHC "leadership" (using that term loosely) recently spent money to renovate space to make themselves several spacious offices when their previous offices worked perfectly fine. It was poor planning to hire more employees than our workspace will handle and a waste of resources. It doesn't seem like anyone has to approve the overall plans for office space renovations.
The roof constantly leaks in the Winter, and when it rains heavily. My office is cold all winter.
the elevator buttons don't always work. this has been an ongoing issue for years.
uncomfortable desk.  Uncomfortable chair.  Bad layout of entire workspace.
Noise and lack of filing space are my only problems with my work space.  Now that I've seen the "New" workspaces with low or no partitions, I love my 5 foot dividers.  I am easily distracted by visual distractions so the partitions work well.
Housekeeping provides mediocre services. It's very rare that they sweep or vacuum the offices. We have had to call the main office several times to have toilet tissue and soap replaced.
Our clinical rooms are too small.  My personal office can be so cold that I have to wear a coat and hat in the winter. The owners have been responsive to this problem.  \\The design problems in this building were addressed by one of our physicians (still here) who noted some of the problems but these suggestions were totally ignored by the architects.  Too much space is used for hallways so that our work spaces are too small.  I sometimes have to climb over clinical tables because there is not room for both a wheelchair and a clinical table. If I have to push the wheelchair in, I then have to climb over the exam table. The patient companion sits next to a sink. Due to lack of space, they often inadvertently turn on the water, which makes them wet.
FAX MACHINE COPIERS ALWAYS BREAKING DOWN
workstations with partitions are not the best situation when your jobs involve talking to other parties on the phone all day - very distracting.
GSA should prepare contracts with it's concession vendors to only use paper straws and wooden coffee stirrers. This is a small step towards pollution prevention, and shouldn't cost the vendor much money...or if it does, work it into the contract. But think of all the plastic that will not be thrown out if all GSA building vendors do not have plastic straws or stirrers!!!!!
I am satisfied with my current cubicle, but we hear the new smaller/shorter/shared cubicles are coming. Management making the decision to go with these cubes do not have our best interests. There's already too much noise in the office, cubicles where you must sit back to back with your coworkers with no wall between you will further add to the noise causing less concentration. The silicon valley think tank style of office does not work for every job type. I believe our management has a false belief that this will foster open collaboration and spur of the moment working sessions between employees. It will not. Our jobs are not structured that way. Our work is very individualized. If anything it will lead to more disagreements between employees from being forced to share small confined spaces.
The carpets on the 6th floor and some of the other floors (for example; 3 rd floor) are stained and unsightly.  Also, the water fountains on the 6th floor have not worked in more than 1 yrs.  Finally, there is no ventilation in the ladies room.  Please address/fix these matters at your earliest convenience.  Thanks so much !!
GSA's system takes way too long to get anything done. If a wall needs to be painted, an office constructed, damage repaired, etc... it takes months, sometimes over a year. That is unacceptable and the system should be streamlined drastically. There is no reason a project, even an office, can't be estimated, started and finished inside a month, two at most. This is the type of "performance" that gives government employees a bad reputation.
The servicing window here in Lansing should have a protective barrier for employees when interacting with the public.
it is very unnerving when you are working and someone is able lean over your desk top. there is no where to store and secure personal items . Our bathrooms are hardly ever cleaned I have been bitten twice by spiders. They hardly ever mop or sweep they only come to get the trash and they may or may not get do daily. pt complain that it is nasty. I sweep because it never gets done
Dust is a problem in our office.
use BookIt to reserve an open workspace. AT 1800F, BIGGEST ISSUE IS THAT THERE ARE TOO FEW LARGE CONFERENCE ROOMS AND THEY GET RESERVED 6 OR MORE MONTHS IN ADVANCE. WEDNESDAYS AND TUESDAYS ARE THE WORST DUE TO EXCESSIVE TELEWORK. WE HAVE A QUARTERLY MEETING WITH 100 PLUS PEOPLE AND NEED TWO CONSECUTIVE DAYS WITH THREE CO-JOINED LARGE CONFERENCE ROOMS FOR AGILE RELEASE PLANNING - A PRACTICE MORE AND MORE OFFICES ARE USING. CREATE MORE LARGE CONFERENCE ROOMS. TELEWORK HAS RUN AMOK AND TOO MANY VIRTUAL EMPLOYEES.
design for personal workspaces did not include noise control. Phone calls, in cubicle discussions, etc. are daily distractions.
We must request to have the office vacuumed. It would be great to have the office vacuumed once a week. Additionally, the building is extremely cold.
Regular air quality monitoring would be ideal.  There were mold issues during recent (last three years) buildings renovations.  Our office area has both access to a crawl space and the 'attic'.  Drafts are felt coming from the crawl space on occasion.
I would like desks that are combo sit down & stand up.  It would greatly help my back to adjust my desk from sitting to standing when I need to.
There was recently a fire drill where only one floor heard it and nobody else was involved. It was very unorganized. We need more drills on days where everyone works\\There should be some informative information hung on different floors about various things (fire plan, correct/updated suite numbers, ) \\The tampon and pad machines should actually hold tampons and pad and not steal my money.
Due to my duties as an investigator with DHS, I and my team need a full office.  Unfortunately, we are in cubicles which do not have any privacy.
The partitions does not reduce the noise level when on the phone with the taxpayer and people are speaking or laughing nearby. Also can hear other co-workers when on the phones assisting other taxpayers, which makes it difficult to assist the taxpayer efficiently.
No Thanks, we have been talking about the ventilation in the building for years and nothing has been done so what good are comments going to do.
My work location is very noisy, disruptive, poor ventilation, poor temperature control, and I have to take allergy medication just to work in my location. I am miserable. I was able to telework for 5 months and had a quiet space to work, excellent air quality and ventilation, and no medications for allergies needed.
not enough office space or meeting rooms available for our clinic
I've been here 30 years and they've never painted or replaced the blinds in my office.  I'm not satisfied with the appearance of our office space, nor the maintenance when it comes to cleaning.
I think it's been years since the carpet was vacuumed in the workspaces.  Seriously, YEARS!!
I feel like I'm closed in and could use a little more office space in my cubicle.  I know some Secretaries in the building has more space than I do but I don't complain because it could be worst.
I have been very satisfied with the custodial staff and maintenance crew in my building. They always take care of my requests for maintenance, cleaning, etc. Good group of employees! GSA staff always responds to my concerns and request for assistance.
Space is not well utilized due to configuration of current furniture.  Would be more comfortable with desks in opposite corners of the room, but current system does not allow for that.  Uneven work space for sharing office mates, and overall too much furniture with shelves, file cabinets, etc. Hutch on back of desk precludes my monitors being at an ergonomically appropriate height.
OK.
When I have a complaint about the Modular building , I am told by engineering that the building is leased and Atlanta VA does not have the authority to monitor air quality of the building inside nor can they fix broken door locks. There is no privacy when talking with a client or with phone calls. Everyone hears each others conversations.
I must transit another single-person office to enter my office, there are two workspaces in this situation.\\There is not a single office where a private conversation can be held at normal levels of conversation.  You must turn on a radio to have a background cover noise to attempt a private conversation at low volume levels.  The walls aren't insulated and some of the doors have a large clearance from the floor.\\The main cleaning person, a male, is not concerned with his job duties, he is rushed to leave the office to attend his other job and he doesn't clean the commodes, the restrooms are ignored.  The other cleaning person, a female, does an outstanding job when she is on-site.  She will spend whatever time it takes to get the office clean and seems to take pride in doing the job completely and correctly.\\One of the FPS Officers rarely returns emails or phone calls, while one officer always returns correspondence very quickly.\\The GSA Customer Service Specialist assigned to this facility has ignored it for years and is getting paid for zero productivity.  If an issue arises, he will pawn off his responsibilities to another GSA unit/person for completion.  He will change his stance on issues to suit his ability to avoid doing any work or placing the blame/responsibility on someone else.  He does not return correspondence and only contacts us when he is demanding of a worksheet/form that should be completed by him.  He does not follow-up on issues and hopes they will just disappear if he ignores them long enough.  In the last 2 years, I have only seen him here 3 times.
very difficult to have phone conversations because of the high level of background noise from adjacent cubicles (loud conversation and laughter). Phone conversations often require detailed dialogue (listening and response) during lease negotiations and the conveyance of  sensitive information between lessor and myself. The background noise conveys a very non-professional environment.
Contracted cleaning is done doing working hours, which is disruptive and causes hardships at time with restroom availability. More and closer vending machine options would be welcomed.
Right now our cubicles are facing a partner - the noise levels are bad when we are all interviewing. Our office is scheduled to be remodeled to where we have front-end interviewing, but we have been told that will reduce our desk space. We already don't have enough filing cabinets to keep all of our claims folders, RZ folders, etc... we need more workspace, not reduced work space.
the work stations where we service the public are not good for privacy. the partitions need to be higher so the publics privacy is kept confidential.
Overall, the interior workspaces are somewhat depressing based on the color choices of the cubicle walls and painted walls.  I do what I can to make my personal cubicle comfortable/aesthetically pleasing, but when I walk through the building, it is very depressing and not at all inspiring.  Ceiling tiles have water stains on them from when the roof leaks, which seems to happen every year when we have rain.  The owner never seems to be able to fix the water leaks, so we are forced to look at stained ceiling tiles.
Computer face doorway.
The temperature is often very hot.  it can also get very cold at times.  Very uncomfortable.   Lack of parking in close proximity is my biggest problem.  Not sure if that is covered under this survey.
Screen on window has been requested to be removed by myself for over 2 years; security camera (that does not work) was also requested to be removed and was not; desk was put in so my back is to the door - this is VERY UNSAFE and I had requested it be moved on numerous occasions with no response.  Requests for change and/or safety issues are not looked at in a timely manner.  My office is an old seclusion room with a metal screen blocking the light; way desk is facing - back is to the customers and the actual room is too far away from my staff.
na
Cubicles not conducive to maximum work output.  Not enough space, noisey.
Leo O'Brien Building, Albany, NY - \\1) Too hot in the summer; \2) Too cold in the winter;\3) Elevators are not dependable; (only 1 our of 4 is working today)
need more work stations
I work as an RN at the clinical center (Building 10 of the NIH in Bethesda). We share computers in a common workspace. Sometimes our workspace conditions are absolutely abhorrent. It took almost six months for us to get properly working chairs. Almost all of our chairs were broken in the lowest position or in disrepair, by the time we got new chairs. This is a huge ergonomic issue for many of us who work 12 hour shifts and already have sore backs from lifting patients. Also, as a former cancer nurse at the NIH, we have been instructed by the "facilities management" to not put a cover (i.e. a disposable absorbent pad) over the toilet when we flush urine/stool from our patients getting high doses of chemotherapy. We know for a fact that these waste products can have large amounts of chemo still in them (which is toxic and carcinogenic to exposed workers - and especially fetal toxic for pregnant workers). We have been told by facilities management that the covers can clog the toilets and that the toilets are "so strong" that they flush everything down before it can become airborne. I think this is unethical and placing our nurses at risk for chronic airborne exposure to carcinogenic compounds just so that facilities management doesn't have to deal with the very occasional clogged toliet. Also, I don't have any reason to believe that they have tested for remnants of chemotherapy drugs or have any hard evidence that we aren't exposed. All available research suggests that anytime you flush something, microparticals of it become airborne. I want to see them give us hard evidence that we aren't being exposed to chemotherapy laced urine and feces every time we flush the toilet without a cover. Or I want to see them give us an alternative that can be placed over the toilet to limit our airborne exposure to these toxic compounds. Thank you - Colleen McEachern, RN, CMSRN
Smoking should not be allowed in front of the parking garage entrance.  I must walk by that to get to my car and have asthma.  Smoking should not be allowed where people walk every day.
When discussing contracts with individuals I prefer to do so  without an audience but lack of offices limits our privacy
Our office space lacks meeting rooms for 25 plus people making it hard to have combined field office meetings.  If we do, there is not enough space to have a table and we are sitting elbow to elbow.
There should be security at the front entrance.
Garage areas have an extremely low ceiling clearance.
The extreme summer heat required to seek other areas to work several days without an air conditioner functioning in the building for weeks. No fans for ventilation available. Numerous telephone calls were made to finally receive assistance. One area has dismal central air, while another remains with none.\This issue continues, many areas without safe ventilation for employees to perform their duties, require that shelter be sought in different locations.
It is unfortunate that the concerns expressed by staff members over the mold in this building have not been taken seriously.  Although I am sure you have an arbitrary threshold for air quality to be of a passaging standard, we have had people in this building with health issues related to the mold.  The smell is carried on our hair and clothes.
Bldg. is old and needs basic updates. Carpet, paint, and tile are old and nasty.
Needs paint. New carpet. Functional office furniture.
Small space, open office environment. Loud when others are on the phone.
Building's mechanical operations (i.e. equipment) and common areas need serious attention.  It's a shame we allow federal buildings to deteriorate in the manner that they do.
Texas heat is nothing to joke about. That's why the building is so cold!
Lack of exchange of air with outside air is a real concern. Not sure on the quality of air inside the building.
Our front desk is too high. I often experience back pain since we have to sit in very tall chairs where my feet dangle for long periods of time. It's hard to keep my knees bent in order to rest my feet on the foot rest under the seat of the chair.
HVAC system is a catastrophe.  Office furniture is cobbled together (e.g. desk is just a board, not really a desk).
The building temperature has always been an issue.  It's too hot/cold, and extremely inconsistent.  The cubicle partitions are too low.  This encourages employees to shout over the partitions and carry on conversations, which is distracting.  The ceiling is leaking in several places over other coworker's work stations.  The cleaning staff collects trash twice a day which seems excessive and is a disruption twice a day, and would be better served to collect not on office hours.
Narrow cubicals
Recently, the turnstile gate in the main lobby has been continuously open, presumably because of the ongoing construction in the lobby and first floor.  However, this does present a security concern.  There are security officers at the desk most of the time, and our floor is secured.  But this does not prevent any individual from entering the elevator bank area.
Cannot get see a window or direct daylight from my desk
Extremely satisfied with the facility here. In addition, it is very conveniently located for mass transit and the area is safe. Everything is just fine here and hence I would not want to move/relocate.
Partition walls should be the same height as overhead cabinets. There should be some privacy when interacting with other employees or people I'm conducting business with.
Would like the ability to move furniture within office to be flexible with space.
Noisy - We have old cubicles that are short and don't dampen or control the noise.  I work in a single person office and I have to shut the door to keep the noise out.\Temperature Problems - every season brings the same problems.  Yesterday July 5, 2018, it was 94 degrees outside.  The AC worked in one half of the office.  The other half had hot air blowing in - we measured 101 degrees coming from the vent.  It happens every summer. The AC is controlled manually and the landlord doesn't plan ahead so we roast or freeze.\HVAC - turns off too early.
Our building is old and therefore, needs significant improvements such as with the ventilation of the air and heating system.  Summertime it's 90 degrees in my office and they can't seem to regulate it, and wintertime I wear my winter coat while I work due to the same issue but with the heat.  Do to the size of the building, I'm guessing the trash isn't always picked up in the hallway where I sit.  The elevators that I use don't always work and I am somewhat handicapped so stairs are difficult for me and I have to walk way out of my way to use another elevator.  I've been stuck in elevators a few times.  It is not a nice building - historical, but not particularly nice to work in.
I am concerned with patient care areas not office space.   work orders placed 8 months ago have not been addressed. reported on multiple rounds (eoc/hazard and to director's office on SWAT)  and nothing gets done. calls placed to work order desk for follow up with w. o.   number given and still no follow up.  EMS staff in empty rooms watching TV while floors are filthy.     Vets deserve better.\Private hospitals would not tolerate this.
ND is the Peace Garden State. The Peace Garden IS IMMEDIATELY ADJACENT to our eye-sore of a facility that was constructed during the Eisenhower Administration. This facility needs to be leveled. We don't even have 1 holding cell to house an unruly member of the traveling public if needed.
The room that I work out of is mostly 3128. This room is very small and cramped. It gets hot in this room fast.
Airport management orders the AC and Heat off during late night till early morning.  Building can get into the 90's in summer and 50's in winter till temp in building equalizes.  Ventilation system is extremely dusty/moldy outside of vents.
When working on my computer, my back is turned away from the front of my desk. I cannot see if someone is approaching my desk. Also, anyone walking by my desk can see what is on my computer.
Lack of workspace...and will soon be located of the site proper will make it challenging to give continuous support to the main facility.
Restroom and break room not convenient to the workspace. Restroom much too far away. Break room appliances and counter space under supplied and shared with too many people. Restroom and break room cleanliness an issue. Refrigerator water filter never changed. There is no personal workspace-it is shared among all in the office. Cleanliness is again a major problem. Most of the furniture in the building is very uncomfortable, undersized for adults, and looks like cheap junk. Not enough sidewalks provided for access to and from the parking lot. Parking too far away from building entry points. No shade or covered parking provided for employees autos in an area where severe storms and large hail are common.
the office cramped with 3 people and lots of excess equipment
In more than one or possibly more than two buildings here at the Federal Center they are spending several tens of millions of dollars to replace all the cubicles with new ones that have lower walls that are only about 4.5 ft. to 5 ft. high.  This means the noise of discussions and office equipment will travel more and be more of a distraction.  Also, anyone who walks by will be more of a distraction and will add to the challenge of being able to concentrate in our new, smaller cubicles.  \    When I ask others in Reclamation how their jobs are going, they usually talk about their work load going up and placing more demands on them than ever.  They often mention that since the Bureau is not always replacing those who retire or quit, each employee must now do all the work that used to be done by one and a half or even two or more full time employees.  They tend to complain about how they can hardly keep up with the increasing work load and about the added level of stress and pressure in their jobs.  \    Unlike ten years ago, I have seen a much higher rate of high quality engineering college graduates lately who hire on with Reclamation when they finish their degrees, and only stay a short time as they gather valuable training and job experience.  Then in two to four years when they begin to be a real asset to the agency they search for another job and leave due to dissatisfaction.  \    This used to almost never happen here and is of course very costly to Reclamation.  My opinion is that the change is due in part to the added levels of job pressure and stress.  In spite of this I do realize that we have a lot of business being generated with our federal agency customers and we are not in general hurting from lack of work, which is a very good thing.\  Besides my comments above about our new smaller and low walled cubicles, the only other items that I did not rate "Extremely Satisfied" have to do with the air quality outside.  The thing I notice is that at least once or twice per year, the grounds and grass here are sprayed with a very strong smelling chemical that most likely contains poisonous herbicides or insecticides.  It really stinks outside for a period of weeks or even months after the spraying, and it seems to drive all the geese out of the whole area.  I find the strong chemical odor difficult to handle just walking between my vehicle and the building, and it also bothers me that this chemical in the air is constantly being drawn into our building through the air handlers.  I think this spraying is an extremely unhealthy thing to do.
I have requested, escalated, and had my supervisor request and escalate a problem...still waiting for simple movement of cabinet and shelf.
Office space is after thought. Comprehensive design needed to upgrade and have office space that meets organization's needs. Bathrooms are outdated. Esthetics fine, but water use wasteful and lack of handryers necessitates a lot of paper towel use.
This building is in a great location, which makes it easy for commuting, whether by VRE (which I mostly use), metro or even driving in from my home.  I'm sure it is also in a good location for those who need to get here by air as it is within 30 minutes from National Airport.
Wanted a sit to stand desk area,but MY work space doesn't allow use of this type of space.
This is a new building and we are still having "heat" issues, but it is getting better all the time and the building management continues to work in this area.
No comments
The prohibition of having a simple fan at your desk is a nuisance and makes no sense. Computers generate heat and I am uncomfortable in warm/hot environment.
My room is warmer than next door. Too many security guards standing/talking.Not enough window offices for GS14 staffs.
I would like to see touchless faucets and other fixtures added to the bathroom. This would help stop the spread of germs (currently have only touchless paper towels and soap.)\\I guess for the most part I am satisfied, I just get annoyed at the handling of the AC and still have carryover feelings from the lights a few years ago. I believe the ventilation system is capable of cooling and heating the space so I therefore the days where I am sitting here sweating is just management.
WHY ARE WE DOWN HERE? POLLUTED AIR, POLLUTED DRINKING WATER AND UNDER THE TAKE OFF FLIGHT PATH OUT OF SEATAC.\THHERE WAS ADEQUATE RENTAL SPACE IN RENTON AND KENT-SO WHY HERE
NO INDOOR PLUMBING FOR 30 YEARS, EVEN AFTER SEWER AND WATER LINE WAS RUN 15 YEARS AGO FOR  A BUILDING THAT HAS YET TO BE BUILT. ABOUT 20 TO 30  PEOPLE THAT WORK AT THE AVIATION TANKER AND HELIBASE HAVE DEALT WITH THESE CONDITIONS FOR 30 YEARS
The new parking lot design makes parking vehicles much more difficult. The landscaping improvements are taking way too much time!
The building is clean and suits our work needs well, but it is freezing in here, and every time I've asked for help regarding that issue and my boss has contacted facilities, nobody has ever come to check or make any changes that I'm aware of. Most of the people in my area need to wear jackets to stay comfortable inside. It's June!
The maintenance & housekeeping people at our facility take pride in their work. They keep the facility & the grounds very clean & neat.
The building looks great from the outside.    The security guards for the most part are very nice.   The rest rooms need cleaning.   By the afternoon, they are short on supplies and could use a little freshening up.   Rarely, do I see a housekeeping staff member cleaning the rest rooms.    This is critical.   I find myself looking around for a clean rest room which sometimes takes me across the building or down several floors.   I am on the 4th floor and I think the rest room is the least clean of all of them.   It's also probably the most used rest room in the building.
The bathrooms are kept quite clean. My suggestion is to improve the type of hand soap provided. Right now, it's a tiny bit of foamy soap. We need gel soap that is dispensed in an appropriate amount. Right now, employees are bringing in their own hand soap (gel) bc the provided soap is inadequate. \\For the workspace, trash is regularly collected. However, I'm not sure the carpet gets vacuumed. Otherwise, the work areas are kept clean.
The floors seem to be the largest issue regarding cleanliness. The bathroom floors have not been swept and scrubbed for a very long time. I know this because the same two dead bugs have been in the same spot for nearly a year and the same drips have been around the toilets for just as long. The carpets in our offices as well as the elevators are not being vacuumed fully. It seems that they only spot vacuuming which means dust is building up in the carpet. the temperatures fluctuate depending on where you sit based off of a poor "design" of our drop ceiling that is only partial.  Those under the drop ceiling are warmer then those not under it and the same thing affects the noise level from the neighboring offices. Seems like if they would just put the drop ceilings through out the offices it would eliminate the temperature issues as well as the noise issues.
The technicians that tend to the office cleaning and repairs tend to our concerns very quickly and are very knowledgeable in their duties, exceptionally friendly, courteous and comport themselves in a professional manner.
Overall needs to modernized
Too crowded
Cleaning staff is very friendly but not consistent.  Some days we don't have trash emptied and some weeks we don't get vacuumed.   I also noticed a lot of waste when cleaning the restrooms partially used rolls of TP are thrown out daily to replace with new roles?  \I had a ceiling leak last year and water ran down between the windows, this has still not been cleaned.
My office is quite depressing.  I continually deal with bugs.  I have no access to natural light.
As I have said already, I have no temperature control in my office. In the summer it never gets any cooler than 78, and in the winter I have to bring a heater in to keep it above 68.
4 space/cubicle  open    would like desk that moves up and down, so I can stand and work if I want to.\\For health reasons, I sit most/large part of day.
Sometimes the women’s restroom runs out of toilet paper on 3rd floor of Whitten Bldg
Common areas are too small for the number of people that use them.
Adding external roofing to the building and roofing to the parking lots will help minimize the heat, hail and rain water coming through the bay doors or access doors.  And the roof for parking lots will minimize the heat flying debris and hail damaging the vehicles.
I wish the vacuuming would start a little later on the 14th floor. It seems to start around 4:30, right at crunch time when we are trying to get stuff done at the end of the day.\\And it would be nice if they vacuumed inside our cubes, rather than just the hallways. \\A cafeteria would be great =)
restroom ventilation system is HORRIBLE.  The temperature in the office is always cold.  In the summer the air is set to high and the fall/winter the heat is too low. There has to be a problem when the majority of the work force are wrapped in blankets year round.
INTERVIEW WORKSTATION AT WINDOWS DOESN'T HAVE PARTITIONS SO THAT INTERVIEWED CLAIMANTS CAN'T BE HEARD BY OTHERS CLOSEBY.
There is a problem on the 4th floor in the canteen that has been on-going for months. The power has been shutting off on the Coke machine and now is also shutting off on the snack machine. The issues have been reported to the IRS building representative but hasn't been able to be resolved yet.
no comment
One pod seats 4 desks
Aesthetically the building looks fine outside, however inside the carpets needs cleaning, I've been here 3 years and the carpets have not been cleaned. The garage door constantly does not work. Soap is unavailable in the female restroom first thing in the morning on some mornings. One of the biggest issues is the temperature in the building. The building is consistently cold in our offices. We have submitted so many service requests with no change that we finally just stopped submitting service requests. There is a hole in one of the walls on the first floor that was here when I started working her and 3 years later it is still here.  Almost every year we get inundated with these little red bugs that comes along when the landscapers put down fresh mulch.  When this was brought up previously we were told they were harmless. That really wasn't the point, I don't want to take any bugs to my house, which has happened. The vending/soda machines should offer some healthier choices. Maybe add juice to the soda machine and some other healthy snacks in the vending machine. The female restroom has no ventilation and therefore just stale air, and if someone uses the restroom the odor is very pungent and lingers.
In the dead of winter the air condition running. The building is just too cold all year long.
Multiple nurses and patients in same area with little or no privacy.
I wish the custodial staff would vacuum my office space weekly again. I am not sure why that service stopped.
Parking to the office is 2/10 of a mile from the parking lot.\Handicapped staff, have difficulty moving from the parking space to the office daily.
There is insufficient meeting space so when when (the majority of people) talk to someone else, everyone else can here.  Meanwhile, there are numerous vacant offices that could be used for small meetings but they are locked.  There is no reason they should be locked.  They are in our area, they are empty, and close by people are having to meet amidst several other people working on their own stuff.
As  mentioned earlier, use of supplies in the bathrooms is a waste.  Rolls of toilet paper that are not empty are replaced daily and are placed on the bag hook in the bathroom.  This is impossible to grab when using the restroom, or usually falls on the ground and ends up in the trash.  There is no need to replaced half used rolls of toilet paper.  In a typical day, all 4 toilet paper rolls are rarely used up so it would be ok to keep half used roll in the dispenser.\\There are also broken light fixtures in hallways that have been reported but are never replaced.  Bathrooms have broken soap dispensers that are never replaced, and broken toilets that can sit for up to a month or 2 before they are fixed.
I deal with a lot of Privacy protected information and calls involving that information, so a private office is needed.  I also have to do a lot of webinars and conference calls which would be difficult in a "hotel" environment.
Landscapers using Glycophosphate (Roundup) in violation of lease. Applied during office hours without notice.
We were told that a new cafeteria would be opening in the building but that hasn't happened yet.
There are not enough work spaces to adequately perform required duties. We are supposed  meet veteran needs w/o places to see them.
I hear horror stories of brown/black semi-solid liquid pouring from the ceilings in people's offices. This happened at two of my friend's desks and at our work gym. It is disgusting, has ruined work spaces/equipment, and has blocked off areas of the gym I want to use. It has to break some sort of building/working code violation. I suspect it has something to do with the old pipes in the building.\\Overall, building staff are unresponsive and unhelpful. I see a cockroach about once a week and I see rats (by the dozens) all of the time outside the building. Everyone complains about the temperature and lack of kitchen space/sink. There are hardly any windows or natural lighting and windowed offices sit empty as older employees retire while younger employees aren't "qualified" enough to get a window office (even when no one has been using it for months!)
Too small
You need to air out the building every now and then. Also the people that clean need to wear gloves. they need to vacuum every now and then.
We are expected to provide psychotherapy in individual offices and group therapy rooms that are ill-suited for their intended purpose. The air is either too hot or too cold, there are odors, and we frequently have water dripping from the ceiling.
As we have no entry waiting area, it is a door that you walk directly into the technician's work area (which is vacant at present), any person coming in the door walks directly through that area and into my office.  I cannot see who is coming in the door, nor can I hear them coming in.  It is rather scary to have someone walk in your office when you are the only one in this part of the building.  This was only suppose to be a temporary work area, but has turned into a 23 month stay and is not a good work space for us, we do not have our files near us and have to go into another agency's work area to pull our active files.
The desk that I have can be cranked up for standup or down for sitting, but it is very small both in width and depth so there is very little workspace after all the equipment is placed on the desk.
was expecting a question on the reason I am dissatisfied with security.  The reason I am dissatisfied with security was in the pervious building you could just walk in.  my girlfriend could stop by and come to my office without having to go through security.  now there is a guard.  not just there but one that actually has a gun.  and there are additional guards that I really dislike having there.  nice enough as people just the idea of having them there offends me.  I would be satisfied if there was only a receptionist to direct people no turnstyles and no guns but unfortunately current paranoid climate makes the lets scare everyone crowd more powerful which cause a terrible feedback loop.
Would love bigger cubicles or more space.
our lockers are from 1950, our floor is dirty unless we mop and sweep, the vent fan is always on never shuts off, is load and smells.
I am completely satisfied with the building, my work space, and with my coworkers.
The building management has done a terrible job responding to maintenance requests.  The owner takes no initiative to conduct routine maintenance checks, such as changing air filters (rarely changed) or replacing light bulbs.  I have to contact the owner to request routine maintenance, and typically the owner will not perform maintenance for several days after I request them.  The HVAC for the building is very old and is in poor repair but the building owner will not replace the system even though contractors hired to repair the system have repeatedly stated the system needs to be replaced.  The AC frequently quits working for various reasons, and the drain line inside the building leaks so much that in one office there is water in the light fixture.  The cleaning service contracted by the building owner is a joke.  The cleaner does the bare minimum such as vacuum and take out trash, but when it comes to cleaning restrooms or our detainee cells, the cleaner won't clean them.   The overall quality of the building is completely unsatisfactory.
The break room floors are rarely cleaned well.  They often times have brown and black marks, scratches and contain spillage marks on the surface for days.  The trash cans in the break room are placed underneath the paper towel dispensers, so after you wash your hands you obtain a paper towel over an opened trash can that has no lid.  The custodial contractor often empties the trash during prime lunch time hours.
Too many people with scented items (either plug in or the equivalent) that should not have them on - those of us with extreme allergies suffer because of their insensitivities!
The office is enclosed but the walls are hollow frame with fabric covering - pretty much 0 sound reduction between offices.  Forced to hear phone conversations and conference calls from as far as 6 offices away.
Overall great job on everything. Just two or three minor comments: Air Conditioning is a little to high, so I adjusted thermostat to a higher temperature (maybe 2-4 degrees p), no affect, so I wear a windbreaker off ad on 8 months out of the year. Automatic paper dispensers (at least two or three on the third floor, NE side outputs 3 inches of paper towel, non-functioning. Also the toilet commode flush buttons for liquid waste do not activate, and flush buttons on occasion malfunction by not activating flush. May be getting worn out. Everything else you are doing great thanks.
I can see a lot of opportunities for improvement, but sound is at the heart of it. People speak quite loudly, sometimes for way, way too long and within feet of my office. They may as well be in my office. It is dehumanizing, and that is not an emotional response. I have endured it for years.
For senior managers and employees with contractual requirements for confidentiality it can be challenging to work in an open floor concept space.  We have quiet rooms but that is not always the best solution.  The spaces have windows which means any counseling or discussion which can be interpreted can be a challenge.  Not a major problem as we have learned to get around the problem.
Chart a course for the future GSA!!  What should an office space be like in 20 years??  Also, watching the remodels of this once cohesive, beautiful building has been painful.  Cheap materials, poor workmanship, poor re-design, poor contractor control...well, it's a public investment, this building.  Please try and treat it as such.  Thanks for your hard work.
Office is fine. Heating and AC is inconsistent
The baggage claim checkpoint requires too much lifting luggage. Our airport has grown tremendously since the building has been built in 2007 and we are slowly growing out of our luggage system. Eventually we will be in need of some type of inline system. This would prevent lifting injuries.
I work in a busy building with four 4-floor wings. bathroom are inadequately distributed, smelly and not ventilated most of the time.\\Trash is collected once a week at inconvenient hours otherwise it is left for the next.  This generates smell, flies and sometimes small animals.
Bring back the baseball fields and tennis courts :-)!
Would like to have a cafeteria
We are in the old offices at GSP Airport. The entire airport has been extensively updated.  We have completed office/training and nearly finished break room space. This space has been completed for nearly 2 years.  GSA has not been able to ratify our lease agreement and very little information is available regarding a firm move date.  We are in very outdated office space that has not been modernized in over 15 years.  We are a good distance form our operational area.
We have requested multiple repairs to the building for over a year and they have not been addressed by the land lord. He has been to the sight seen the issues, agreed they need to be repaired then nothing in done to fix the issues.
We are not provided desk chairs that are sufficiently adjustable and comfortable.  This is a very important piece of furniture but what we are given is substandard.
The workspace can cause issue when everyone is doing their job and their is no privacy when speaking with veterans.  When you are on the phone with a veteran and someone else that sits right next to you are on the phone as well.  The veteran can hear the next person conversation.  Sometimes get mixed up and thinks that you are speaking to them.  There should be better barrier around each worker to close out unnecessary noises.
there is a cockroach infestation. the spraying does not seem to help.
Office is without windows.  The desk is designed so that the veteran is between staff and door in mental health area.
Cell phone signals in the building are very weak.  Calls and messages are missed often.  This is an issue both with government issued devices and personal devices.  Even when near the windows service does not improve.  We were told that cell boosters in the building "were out of the budget".  I would like to know why the ones that were installed two years ago in our old building were not brought to the new building.  This is a training facility and not only does it provide an issue with staff working in the building, but also the hundreds of staff that come to our facility to train on a daily basis.  \\I also am disappointed that when the new building was designed it only included floor plug-in ability for the instructor computers in the classrooms.  Oftentimes, participants bring their own devices to use in the classes.  It is impossible for this to work with limited plug-ins in each classroom.  Why didn't the plans include additional floor plug-ins or plugs in the participant desks?  With the encouragement of virtual training and using computers to learn, it is difficult to do with limited access to plug-ins to charge your device.  Very poorly thought out!\\Finally, why were the cubicle spaces designed with more plug-ins?  Plug-ins either on the desk lamps or accessible on the desk should have been included.  After a staff member has their docking station, computer, Lync phone, desk lamp, and other IT related equipment plugged in, it gives few options to plug-in a fan or charge a cell phone.  Poorly thought out!
Very happy with this office.
I am tired of people complaining about cats at the building.  Cats don't attract rodents.  I didn't haul the cats in there; I've trapped and removed some of them.  They live in the neighborhood.  I'm tired of the dim lighting that has only gotten worse over the years.  And why are there reflective strips on the tops of the parking stops?  They need to be on the front, where they will actually reflect light back to the drivers, and be seen.  The elevator frequently opens and closes all by itself.
One or more of the 3 elevators have in the past frequently been out of order. The mechanical parts of one were recently replaced, however, and the same is being done for a 2nd.  This is obviously a positive change.
window glare and desk positioning, such that workstation computer screens are impacted.  limited opportunity to rearrange furniture
poor ventilation in bathroom, very loud music from Zumba class next door, one part of office is , freezing, and the other is hot,temp is never consistent or comfortable, homeless people defacate by entrance, sleep by entrance, garbage, sleeping bags, clothes, human waste by employee entrance
For the type of work performed the open floor concept is inefficient, and does not help in accomplishing the mission.
I HAVE NON.  WE ARE JUST SO VERY BUSY.  THANKS!
In our workspace, we have seven to eight people from three different offices sharing an open space.  Because we work with multiple bureaus and offices, we are all frequently on different conference calls.  We are not doing data entry (which is a task that lends itself well to open-office workspace: my first job from 1994-1998 had an open space similar to this now, but we all did data entry and rarely even had personal phone calls).\The fact that DOI building management would consider this a productive workspace is appalling.  The desk arrangement and noise is similar to an elementary schoolroom.  \Also, the "cushioned bench" that was delivered to us, as the top of our single drawer for file storage, is not usable: it has a low cubby/shelf protruding not six inches above, so if one attempts to sit on the cushioned top, your back is jammed by the cubby.  The whole concept was flawed in conception and construction.  Questions when we moved in a year ago to management (for example for higher stanchions for the cubby) were not answered.  Some of the height adjustable desks in here never worked, and service requests were not completed.
I disagree with - when the security guards do their security check and strange people passed there check with the security guards, they are now aloud to roam the building by themselves without someone in the building (team member) being with them. That doesn't make me fill safe at all!!!
The new workstations/work spaces are much improved over the "open workspace with no partitions".  Most people are very happy with them.
The hallway connecting LX-1 to LX-2 has a serious safety concern which I have addressed with the building services department multiple times. They require a hallway security monitor sit in a designated space which faces West (with a MASSIVE window). Towards the latter part of the day (3pm til sundown), the sun beats them down to an extreme level of discomfort. I have personally spoken to the security monitors about this, who commonly say "this is terrible" or "they don't listen to us". I've filed complaints and have noted this could be an OSHA violation. I recommend someone take a look at this problem.
to give more room in the "isles" where cubilces are located, designer could have moved closer to the painted  exterior walls on the left side, to utilize all space more efficiently needed for isle walking space.
One of the main problems with the restrooms is the condition of toilet seats. They are probably original from 15 years ago. They are worn, peeling, stained, chipped, etc., and always look bad. How much could it cost to put some new toilet seats on?
My interior office on the 2nd floor is a wifi desert. I wish I had wireless (e.g. Sprint) phone service for my PERSONAL phone so that, when needed, I can monitor personal texts and phone calls during the work day.\\If the cement barriers/alternative 'stone' barriers are to remain, blocking off access to numerous paved parking spaces - please remove the paving and replace it with rain and heat-absorbing soil/gardens/lawn. The cement barriers and unused parking spaces are an eye-sore; and the rain runoff and heat radiation that's generated by it are not environmentally friendly - contributing to localized flooding and increased "urban heat island" effect temperatures around the building.
Overall Satisfied with the building and the response from the building owner to any issues that are brought to their attention.
The landscape still needs a lot of work. The weeds are growing up in the native landscaping. The landscaping has no design, it just seems they panted things where they wanted to with no plan. \\We really need to get the cafeteria and the other rooms fixed after the fire. We really need C-206 as a available meeting room. Just missing that one room has caused a lot of  inconvenience. \\I entered my building information in the beginning but it didn't save it and when I tried to re-enter it, it wouldn't let me. Very frustrating. \\Dept of Justice\Federal Bureau of Investigation \11000 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles
THIS IS NOT A COMPLIMENT: VA staff promoted a lie by stating that the bathrooms in our offices were out of order due to plumbing problems after we had asked for more toilet paper. Never has the bathroom in our space, nor probably the other office spaces, had a plumbing problem. This was merely a way to avoid cleaning and stocking a bathroom. However, in the more public bathroom, there had been plumbing problems.  Office staff are inconvenienced because custodial staff seem to be in control of their workload which is not a reflection of the actual need for bathrooms.
There is no Police Presence or security in Building 6, so I found it difficult to answer those questions. We are instructed to dial 911 for any emergency services, which can take several minutes for a response due to our remote location on the grounds.  Again, the state of Building #6 is bad, we recently found out that renovations for any type of flooring prohibits office remodeling due to asbestos.  Are we at risk for Mesothelioma?  We are not even sure.  There is a big gaping hole and peeling paint in the C Wing hallway.  No one is sure what we are breathing in here, asbestos, mold, lead from the paint, etc.?  It looks and smells terrible when the ventilation system is not blowing, and when it is blowing that's when we wonder what we are breathing into our lungs and how this affects our health.
Quite often one side of ladies room on the 27th floor runs out of hand towels so I need to take some from the other side to replenish the empty side.  Toilets are not always cleaned daily.\Vacuuming is done in main aisles a few times a week, but my cube is only done once a week or every other week.  \During the Obama presidential years we had holiday decorations in the lobby in the elevator banks and last couple of years nothing.  It makes a difference for those of us working thru the holidays.
1800F is a beautiful building, but fact that it's partially redone is a real sore spot.  Makes for some embarrassing moments when customers come to visit.  How can we manage renovations in their spaces when we can't completely renovate and modernize our own?  It's like a barber with a disheveled head of hair; maybe he can claim to take care of your hair, but he can't seem to take care of his own.
Overhead cabinet design not functional.  Bathed in light idea was overambitious. Too much glass. Not enough ability to meet with people with greater privacy (such as when counseling employees). Computer wiring also has not been practical. Modesty panels hiding wires are not practical. Need extensions to get to 2nd monitor etc. Not enough (any) ergonomic testing. If it was done needed more employees trying out modular furniture before total commitment was made. Biggest problem is HVAC. Inside enclosed offices without individual control are always too hot, sometimes approaching 90 degrees. Enclosed offices along atrium are typically too cold but have individuals control (by maintenance staff not occupant) so can moderate. Maintenance staff have told us inside offices are on a separate chiller and it has never worked correctly. Vending machines empty by midweek and many have been removed. Prefer coin/paper money operated machines vs credit card/fingerprint due to privacy concerns. Cafeteria not as good as it was before rehab. Less selection and prices too high. Pizza every day. Longer breakfast hours - leave breakfast out longer. Former chef much better. Current chef is horrible.
OUTDATED EQUIPMENT
The restrooms are cleaned regularly, but floors and wall are nasty. Pressure or chemical cleaning should be on order. Vacumming is nearly non-esistent. No Cleaning supplies are readily available. Cubicles are dated, dingy and somewhat dirty.
PSC operations are sub par. More space should be leased back tot he agencies to handle their own conference room scheduling as the PSC system does not work well. They should focus on other aspects of their mission and not focus on the need to control this additional task. The challenge of requiring our agency to negotiate simultaneously with PSC, GSA and the building owner results in considerable delays and spit agendas over who the customer ultimately is. \The cafeteria space is very nice and the staff are friendly. The quality of the food and selection of food options are dissatisfying.
The bathrooms are extremely nasty, grout in the floor tiles are black, smells, usually no soap.  The bathrooms could use bleach.   \The building is always cold, and when this week when the vent came on, it pushed out black dirt that looked like potting soil. This can't be healthy.
Facility totally inadequate for current workforce.  Maintenance, Custodial and Snow Removal Contractor provide absolutely terrible support and response.  Snow removal contract is an absolute joke.  Drifts of snow are left in the Secondary Lanes over the weekends.  Primary Lanes are NEVER adequately cleaned.  Custodial Contract REQUIRES a DAILY TO DO LIST as the custodian(s) cannot stay on task and is often found kicked back upstairs sitting with his head back, headphones on and his eyes closed.  The maintenance supervisor has so many personal irons in the fire he is only available long enough to document he was present.  His work is either shoddy and or conducted in an unprofessional manner.
It's obvious that the issue with the dirty restrooms is mostly from some of the nasty people that use them and do not clean up after themselves as far as flushing the toilets, leaving the toilet liners on the seats like that's the next person's job that uses them and those people who for some reason or other just can't hit the hole.  Could definitely use a much stronger air freshener in the ladies restroom. So it just may be necessary to clean these more often or perhaps have a bathroom monitor that inspects the stalls before a person leaves.  Not like the later is going to happen but unfortunately that's what its probably going to take. \My other major issue has to do with smokers and the lack of enforcement being used to ensure that smokers are using the designated smoking areas.  As a non-smoker I feel that I should not be inconvenienced by those who chose to smoke at all!   I have talked to someone with the building management team several times and pretty much get the impression that they are afraid to confront those that are not following the rules therefore allowing them to smoke wherever they want.  A big problem is the smokers that sit on the stairs on the north side of the building.  Can't even go out on the balcony near there without having to smell the smoke let alone walk down the stairs.  Then they just throw their butts on the stairs.  This could be resolved if someone would just enforce the rules.  \I could go on but these are my 2 major issues that I think need immediate improvement.
While counseling my clients I am very satisfied with the privacy afforded my veterans by a one person office that is enclosed.
There is only 1 bathroom per floor. Because of the high volume of use, the bathroom is always dirty.
The partitions are not high enough or spaced out enough and neighboring cubicle noises are loud.
Office is very humid in summer. TAC design not set up for best security.  Seems like repair requests are only completed after multiple requests. Other than trash collection, dusting and vacuuming are sporadic.
hard to move in a safe way through ckpt.---many obstacles and very crowded lane space
i have a small closet in my cube configuration.  Would prefer closet be removed to allow for more desk area.
Creating work space (cubicles) size based on a person's GS level is both degrading to employees and creates an environment non-conducive to productivity.  Noise abatement is desperately needed. Most employees wear noise cancelling headphones which has contributed to isolation and poor morale. Employees often leave the building and sit it their cars to make work related phone calls.  Turn over rate is high, and the issues of the building are commonly sited as the reason that employees find other jobs.  it's just bad. oh and mice poop on our desks and in our drawers. yeah...
The work space is not enclosed.  It is open to my back and has one front section that is lower than the others where most people can see over when seated.
none
Our assigned workspace square footage is extremely inadequate for the amount of employees that we currently have. The airport temperatures are completely inconsistent, and we are made to feel guilty when asking airport employees to lower or raise the thermostat. Our dishes are washed in the bathroom sinks. Complaints have been heard but nothing has been done to rectify the situations.
My cubicle was designed for one person and there are two persons working within the location.  You have to constantly "get around" the other person when exiting the cubicle.  Why aren't persons that telework 2-3 times a week sharing cubicles and the folks that come to work everyday have a cubicle with no one else?
I love my VA
This building 101 is very old no control if the air level
This is the best office, work space, common area, and personal work space I have experienced in my 50 working years. Fact
I am not sure what is provided by GSA as a service to this facility.  I would be able to apply the correct coding if I was more informed of those services.  I am sorry.  I do believe the interior is a little run down in looks, we have several linkages during rain.  The nightly cleaning crew and day cleaning crew are always working, stocking supplies.  There was an issue a while back with theft, however, that was taken care of.  I am overall satisfied with my work building, station
THE BUILDING HAS AN ODOR OF SEWAGE IN THE BATHROOMS.  THE TEMPERATURES ARE VERY INCONSISTENT AND CAN BE TOO HOT ONE DAY AND TOO COLD ANOTHER DAY, I USUALLY HAVE TO RUN A HEATER YEAR ROUND.  THE VENILATION SYSTEM IS TERRIBLE, I THINK THEY DON'T REPLACE THE AIR FILTERS OFTEN ENOUGH BECAUSE EVERYONE IN THE BUILDING COUGHS CONSTANTLY AND PEOPLE ARE CONSTANTLY SICK DUE TO THE AIR.  I HAVE NO PROBLEMS OUTSIDE OF THE OFFICE, BUT WHEN I AM IN THE OFFICE, I HAVE HAD ASTHMA ATTACKS AND A COUGH THAT ONLY HAPPENS WHEN I AM IN THE OFFICE.  OTHERWISE THE BLDG IS FINE.
No comments
Security checkpoint at airport.
Cubicle has a stationary desk and desk can be easily adjusted to standing height.  I do not like this set up because I am short so I need to lower my desk for a comfortable working area and what happens is my adjustable desk is needs to be lower than the stationary so they are at varying heights.
I have been in my office since Jan 8, 2018 as of today, no one has swept, mopped or dusted my office.
Workspace is too small!  Cannot store all of the documents necessary for my work within my workspace.
Paying for parking is the a big and primary detraction.
Agency is too slow to move employees to appropriate spaces when employees reach particular pay grades.  Agency also holds offices and leave many open spaces forcing employees to be coupled when they need to work apart / alone for better productivity.
There is no cleaning done in our workspace-no dusting/vacuuming etc.
workspace cubbies are open to walkway, people can look over your shoulder at computer screens. \offices are very hot even with air, we have to have additional fans to make tolerable and have requested air conditioning evaluation multiple times.
GSA routinely does not get or buy quality work or parts.  Thus things rebreak over and over.  How to look good saving a dollar is GSA.  They talk of fixing things but it never really happens.  Our roof leaks exterior doors routinely do not work.  We bought a new door and it still only works half the time.  It took 3 years to replace two light switches.  And they were installed upside down.  Because GSA wants to sell our building they don't really want to put any money into it.
I am not comfortable with customs officials carrying weapons (sidearms) within the public areas of the building complex -- someone could not them down & seize their weapon and do harm
original plan when bldg. was constructed, Agency placement was not adhered to. Once again the Security presence for the bldg. was relegated to the basement. floor space is open with low cubicles that do not afford quiet or privacy during phone calls and investigations. air conditioning consistently fluctuates, lights need constant attention for replacement, prisoner elevators are not dependable due to break downs, alarm system is erratic and goes off excessively. not enough bathrooms for the amount of personnel assigned to the basement.
The gym is great and key to my overall satisfaction.\The building recently obtained a new vendor for the cafeteria -- Three Sisters Cafe & Catering -- and they are awesome.
You are ruining my back, neck, and wrist by NOT having ergonomically sound working area for a 60+ employee.  SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The raised floor design of this building is not conducive to a productive environment.  It creates added noise and airflow from the floor vents causes needless cold air pockets in the work spaces.  The floors are noisy and makes the environment feel like living in a single-wide trailer in a run-down trailer park.
Much higher dividers would reduce noise levels.  In that most of us are required to conduct telephone conversations several times daily, there are other conversations ongoing at times that interfere with the ability to converse appropriately without noise pollution.
We need more sit/stand desks!
Overall the building is well maintained. There is a definite presence of security and maintenance personnel within and surrounding the building.
There are often bugs crawling through the office in the conference rooms, hallways, and bathrooms.  At one particular meeting in a conference room, a big roach fell through a crack in ceiling and almost landed on somebody.
Security - Anyone can come thru the front gate all they have to say I have an pick up.\I have been in this office for 12 YEARS, no new carpet, the office has not been painted within those years.  I think they might have shampoo the carpet once. The carpet is very dirty. There are various department thru out the warehouse anyone from any department has full access to any areas of the warehouse which people can come in from any sections. I would be wonderful to have new carpet and paint in the office.
odd shape results in wasted space
Space is inadequate for large and specialized cases requiring a lot of equipment.  The rooms are not arranged as they should be to optimize a surgical environment.  In many cases, the rooms are far too small to be able to perform cases and in some instances, this can be quite dangerous for staff.
The carpets need cleaning.  They don't appear to vacuumed.  If the floors (carpet) are not vacuumed, one could presume they are not cleaned/shampooed.
the bathrooms on the 6 and 7th floors are outdated, its usually too cold - other than that i love our building and our work spaces
As a manager I often have sensitive issues I'm working on.  Sharing office space makes privacy difficult
I have a very uncomfortable chair, a desk that I cannot stand at, monitors I cannot view while standing, and the combination of the height between my desk and chair puts lots of pressure on my wrists while using keyboard and mouse.  Because I often work in the field for a whole business week or longer at a time, I have missed every last minute-notice that new furniture, etc is being purchased.  Because I often work in the field, my concerns regarding my office furniture go unheeded.  This is part of the reason why I have put in my resignation notice.
No Comment
Sinks and faucets in the kitchen and bathrooms need replacement.
GSA is the best organization in the world. The Kansas Field Office is the cat's meow and the most impressive organization I'm aware of in the known universe.
There is a serious cockroach problem in the building.
The air quality in this building is terrible and the temperature is never right. People are always getting sick in this office because the air quality is so poor.
glass separates neighboring workstations, which is ridiculous.  others have "wallpapered" the glass to afford some privacy.   Operational sections have received newer cubical/workstations, but not administrative personnel.
The workstation design works fine.  There is no need to lower the partitions or try to enclose our spaces. \\Regarding the survey, you should change the order of the answers.  Start with extremely satisfied.
Noise is the key issue.
Wifi is needed in this area of the building, outpatient services.
The condition of the floors (Tile) have been unsatisfactory for several years.
Not enough meeting rooms assigned for the number of people in the building.  Break rooms are somewhat small and there have been issues with the microwaves and refrigerators that sometimes take weeks to resolve.  Air quality not always good.  Have had periods of burning eyes, coughing, and headaches (not caused by computer use).    Facilities staff is excellent!
Furniture is not configured to allow facing door when sitting and sunlight is so bright, even with blinds, the glare in the office and on computer screen gives headache most days.
Since recent security changes have occurred and parking is all around the building, there are many more people who cross the street to our building and must walk in the grass or driveway on the east side of our south parking lot.  I would like to see future construction of a sidewalk for safety, appearance and functionality.  \     For safety, appearance and functionality a sidewalk is needed on the north side of the east entrance to the south parking lot.  Simply bring it from the east sidewalk, run it west alongside the current curb, eliminate 2/3rds of current flowerbed and curve it around to join the existing sidewalk that runs alongside the building.
One person, one office. You could creatively design this, with smaller offices. Two in one big office is a recipe for failure and conflict. People quit over small issues with office mates all the time. Gum smacking, burping, farting, loud talkers, snorters, seen it all!
building is old and leaks, elevator fails and takes days to fix, old technology, dirty, nobody removes snow or salts sidewalks
FLETC has been operating with dozens of "temporary" trailers for years. We still use them for offices and classrooms. They weren't designed to be used this long. They are energy inefficient, and prone to insect and wildlife incursions, roof and window leaking, and HVAC breakdowns. It is embarrassing that the "premier" law enforcement training agency in the country is run out of a trailer park.
I have no comment at this time
I wish the partitions was extended out further so you don't have to listen the other person interview.. Bathrooms should be cleaner
We have temporary walls that are insufficient to block noise from adjacent offices. This is a problem because our work requires us to have frequent conference calls and in-office meetings.
Very difficult to have any repairs done, lights don't work, was told there is a window next to your desk the lights don't need to all work.
The property manager and his contracted crew are the best ever
It would be nice if we had doors on our cubicles for a little privacy. It would be beneficial to have a little more work space for larger projects. It seems as if the heat is set for men in the office space and not women who tend to be a little on the cooler side.
I am an ALJ and my hearing room is consistently too hot and has inadequate air circulation.  Many claimants who appear before me have chronic respiratory related issues and are being put at risk by the ongoing failure to provide a healthy environment.  When the temperature reaches 78 degrees as it did yesterday, in addition to placing claimant's at risk,  it makes it extremely challenging to effectively perform my duties for an 8 hour cycle.
The issue with the lack of hot water in the restrooms is a health issue.  I and others have brought this to the attention of building management many times over the years.  The answer is always the same, there's nothing they can do about.
The security personnel exhibit an unprofessional demeanor. Examples include loud and sometimes inappropriate verbal discussions. Sometimes, simply saying hello or goodbye to certain security personnel invites a "bad attitude" that is unwarranted. The security personnel should be reminded that if they are unsatisfied with their job, then they can resign or if they are experiencing personal issues, then it is not everyone else's problem.
A little more privacy would be appreciated and could control noise levels
There is NO SECURITY in this building. A "security officer" sits at a desk in the lobby - anyone can walk in and get up to our floor whenever they want to - no armed security guards, no metal detectors, nothing.....it is very unsettling and I have been in this building almost 20 years....
The overhead lighting can be improved. The bulbs used do not seem to be sufficiently bright without the use of an additional lamp directed on the desk.
Leaving the building at night can be hazardous due to the parking lot lights which are left off.  There are ample lights, but they are not being used.
It would be nice to have actual offices with doors as we speak with various people and talk about personal information.
The water pressure on the 9th floor is very poor. Toilets don't always flush properly. There is barely any water pressure for the sinks to wash your hands and there is little or no hot water.
this survey is inadequate and inept concerning my needs or concerns about my building and work space(s). your survey does not consider anything but a one person/ one space idea. I would be more than happy to answer any questions openly and honestly if you would just ask. one issue that has not been addressed at my level is the new building security system for door access. this system was installed with no consideration to personnel safety. 2 of my work spaces are now locked out of restroom access, meaning I need to use a P.I.V. card first to access the restroom facilities, to gain access to safety measures including eye wash station and body decon station! no one from the GSA building management or from my own agency asked or have answered my concerns for my crew or myself! there are dead bugs throughout the inside of the building, spider webs and spiders (brown recluse and black widow) in, on and all around the windows, doors, and walls! parking lot lights go out and are not replaced for months, the same for exterior building lights! when clean and cleaned and maintained the building is very nice. Thank You.
My main desk is a cubicle that I don't sit at, because the front counter is where I am normally, in order to see customers that walk through the door.  It would be nice to have a lobby for the taxpayers to sit and wait to be seen.  The customers are showing up and having to discuss their private tax information and a few feet behind them, other customers can hear their entire conversation.
The air quality has always been an issue in our area.  It is worse since the area was flooded.  People are getting sick with upper respiratory issues.  They say it was fixed but I started having problems every time I am in my office
Our office was promised work space over 41/2 years ago. It seems as though the plan changed when our leadership changed 3 times.  We was perfectly good for 14 years of me working there and someone from 3 leaderships ago decided they wanted our 2nd floor suite that we just had gotten remodeled, moved us into the swing space and we have forgotten about since.  Grades 13,14,15 in open area cubicles.
Unable to conduct sensitive business in my work space. Phone calls with contractors, employees, etc...
All Conference Rooms should have computer terminal hookups established permanently in the room with overhead multimedia digital projectors for use during any meetings.\\To obtain building / facility help - since we use PIV cards for computer access we  should not have to separate password or accounts.
I have 2 windows so lots of outside light!
'-We need more conference rooms. Telework being reduced in USDA has increased the need for people to meet in groups in person and it can be hard to get a room at times. \-All conference rooms need functioning projectors and Ethernet cords long enough to reach the table. Having multiple Ethernet connections in each conference room would be better, but I'd be happy if we didn't create a trip hazard by stringing a cord from the wall to the table (~6 inches off the floor) so we can present webinars and host interactive meetings with screen sharing.\-One of 6 conference rooms on our floor has an entire wall painted for use as a whiteboard. Our staff uses this for large group brainstorming, small group meetings, interactive training sessions and other opportunities. I personally use this wall 3-4 times per week. But it is only available in one conference room which also was the only room on that side of the building with a functional projector for 8 months. So it can be hard to get access to the whiteboard wall. I would LOVE to have something like this in every conference room (or at least more of them).
Our cubicles are not configured well, and the fixtures are old, stained, and/or broken. We have no place to meet--you can book a giant conference room that seats 30, or you can huddle up in your cube. There are no in-between spaces for small meetings or quiet time. Also, all of our common areas keep disappearing for hoteling space.
I am very satisfied
There is an unpleasant smell in part of our lab that maintenance does not seem to be able to resolve.
The RFK building has a significant year-round problem with roaches (including the presence of enormous roaches).  This is totally unacceptable for a professional work environment and something needs to be done to address the problem immediately.  This has been a persistent problem for years and has gone unaddressed/unresolved for far too long.  Please take action to address and resolve this problem immediately.  Thank you.
The A/C here is COMPLETELY unacceptable.  You can freeze to death in this building in July!  Other times it gets up to 90 degrees in here and you could roast a pig in here.  It is NEVER comfortable.  It is TOO hot or TOO cold, NEVER just right.  And sometimes one part of the office is too cold while another area is too hot at the same time.  It is ridiculous!
Providers sit with our backs to the door.\We make patients upset sometimes if they do not get their narcotics increased for their addiction.\We fear retaliation and are unaware if anyone is standing behind us at times.\The SERVIVCE LINE LEADERS have preferential parking over the PAs and NPs and we are required to park further away from the buildings and walk to vehicles when it is dark;  while the Service Line Leaders and the Physicians (WHO DO THE SAME JOB AS WE DO) are allowed to park closer. This is wrong and a reflection of a corporate culture that needs to change!
Noise travel through the ceiling duct from my next office room to me, I can hear them talk, which is very unusual and troubleing.  I wish the each room is individual tight seal room with full privacy.
The building was planned for total remodel, which was started then stopped. Currently in the state of limbo
It would be a little easier to work in my workspace if the room was a little bigger.  We are kind of cramped in our office.
Very upset about the Van Pool parking.  We use available parking for ONLY Van Poole vehicles, since that has been lifted now the Van Poole parking area is full of Privately Owned Vehicles (POV's).  I would think that if the program is mandated then there would be wide support for a program.  I think that the statement that there is not enough in the budget to enforce a van parking area only is unacceptable, epically when the Van Pool parking signs are already in place. How much is it going to cost to have them removed? Why cant the Federal Police in the bldg while on their rounds ticket vehicles parked in that Van Pool area accordingly.  The tickets could be forwarded to the Chief of Staff and they could be docked 4hr pay as a penalty.  Our van's are large and take up the whole parking area.  POV's park right next to them then we cant get into the vans without sometimes our doors hitting their vehicles.
Additional soundproofing desperately needed within office cubicle area. Difficult to concentrate as a TeleService Rep with so many continuous loud conversations ongoing from coworkers.
Several months to get approval to change workstations, though once approval went through the moving process itself was smooth, fast, and efficient
The custodial staff is great, as is the facilities manager.
As said before, the stalls in the women's bathroom on the 5th floor are unhinged and feel as though they could fall in. Also, the carpeting is extremely dirty and mismatched and the walls, when spot painted don't match. It looks like a very shoddy job.
The NOISE level gets too HIGH in a room with FIVE people and a COPY MACHINE. People are coming in and out to talk with other Case Managers, get their copies off the printer, make copies, get in and out of the refrigerator.  AND with FIVE Case Managers who have to talk on the phone all day, some are VERY LOUD and I cannot hear the Veteran on the line with me (or they can hear the OTHER person more than me).
I am very pleased with my personal working place office.  The FOR South Building where I work and the overall DOE HQ FOR are challenged by their design and age. The bathrooms were updated a few years ago cosmetically, but the basic HVAC design apparently was not as odors and ventilation remain the significant problem. The hard concrete design with linoleum corridors presents noise issues as there are no soft sound absorbing materials except for the suspended ceiling tiles, thus when corridor doors are left open you have to almost close your office doors for a quiet work place, but this often does not work as sound travels from office to office once again through the overhead HVAC connecting offices.  My office side of the corridor has no windows thus this adds to the starkness and psychological depression of these stark facilities.  The Corridor Egress EXIT doors and stairwells are wide and very good sized to handle egress during an Emergency but the round metal  door knob handles on the EXIT doors leading into the stairwells should all be replaced with  lever handles  at minimum ASAP.  EXIT Door handles are failing with age as are the door closers
NO comment
I just prefer a standing desk so I don't have to sit for so long - better health goals.
I just wish our cleaning lady would dust more often, take her time when vacuuming to get everything off the floor. We have left things on the floor just to see how long it would take to get vacuumed and some things were present for at least a month. The bathroom isn't always clean. We have run out of soap, toilet paper and paper towels. When this happened, our management team went out and purchased the above items.
We were to have carpet replaced and walls painted but the building complex was sold and that went by the wayside with the new owners.  Parking lot needs repairs and lines painted.  Landscaping crew leaves debris on vehicles when they show up.
need more space
In order for the general office to be cool enough, my office has to be colder.  Thermostat has been recently moved FROM my office to the general office area to see if this fixes the temperature issue.
My office has no window or natural light.  The partition walls (no ceilings) have so much dust on top it is falling off in lumps. Housekeeping hardly ever washes floors in offices or sweeps in the offices.
These are the three top issues at the NCWCP in College Park, MD:\1) The main gate at the entrance took FOREVER to be fixed / replaced.\2) The badge swipe at the employee entrance is EXTREMELY SLOW for many people, but not all.\3) Building temperatures are inconsistent, in particular the conference rooms are notoriously cold.
Only note would be about the sinks not all working in the restrooms and break room sinks seem to clog exceptionally easily. If i notice problems I report them to my supervisor/assistant supervisor and feel comfortable that the problem is carried to the appropriate personnel.
Please fix the ceiling leaks, they have been happening for YEARS, I am worried about mold. Please,. they get worse or show up every rain.
noise level...I can hear my coworkers conversations and when they are on the phone
the outside environment are clean and sparkling. the patients rooms are in horrible mess. They are not cleaned at all. The unit  temperatures are never what they should be. Always extremely freezing cold or too warm.
I work in back of the locksmith Office, and really enjoy the quiet.  Easier to get things done when you are not hearing everyone talking, etc.
I love my job/career.
Not sure who controls the temperature and the air quality, but in the mornings, it would be nice if the air conditioning/heat were scheduled to go one before we arrive, to start the air circulating.  Also, it would be nice if there was a way to get some fresh air into the building, whether it be by windows that could open for nice days or some type of air cleaner/purifier.  The stuffy/stale air sometimes can be uncomfortable and not necessarily healthy for someone who is respiratorily compromised.
My only dissatisfaction is that I do not have a window, and so have no ambient light. However, I appreciate having an enclosed single-person office.
Some of the workstations are setup so the employee faces the entrance. It would be nice if all of the workspaces could be configured in this way.
We have 30 people in a space meant for 9.
The building is very dirty. Dust flows from vents. The vents have most likely never been cleaned. This has caused me to have respiratory issues. The bathrooms are NEVER mopped.
Our office is currently in the process of moving to one side under a new lease agreement.  GSA is handling the redesign of the side of the building we will occupy for the next 10 - 20 years.  I am very dissatisfied with the level of coordination.  GSA has not been responsive to Forest Service requests, requirements, and recommendations in designing a layout that will be functional for the type of work our employees do. Employees have requested an opportunity to sit down with the architect to design a functional space.  That request has not been permitted. Employees have raised may concerns about the proposed office space design and those concerns have not been addressed.  I would expect that GSA would offer better customer service to the Forest Service client.
The single-person office provides the privacy, low level of noise, and lack of distractions required to perform my job that requires a lot of clear-headed thinking.
The kitchen area garbage cans for wet food are to my knowledge not issued. I seen some grey one over 3 feet in diameter but our kitchen area only has room for half that. The one we have requires the lid to be popped off back hinges for maintenance or put a garbage bag. Or they leave the lid just sitting on top and so hard to open without lid falling off. Hard to seal without handling lid and then getting germs on hand. Also a open garbage can is next  to this one with lid and folks often leave wet food in open one just before a 3 day holiday. So it sits and rots 3 days. The building west side has emergency lights but the basic lights stay on all weekend. If one turns off they stay off often on next work day. Roof in west side during very heavy rain still leaks after several repairs. it getting better.
Because my desk ends up getting used my several people my items get moved around, relocated, and not returned to their proper place. In once instance I had a personal item broken after being misused by a coworker.
bf145. thermostats in pt rooms do not work. interior and exterior common areas are dated
Really, the main thing is the temperature of the building. \Its very cold the 1st 3-5 hours of my shift every day.
Personal security of the employees, there is no metal detectors, and our front desk could easily be jumped over (no protective layer to keep people out). Our in office interviews are conducted in the same areas of our personal workspace, creating safety concerns if someone when on a rampage.
Our furniture was not designed with current working conditions in mind.  Specifically, my desk is so old that it was not designed to be used with a computer.  The use of a computer with the desk is an ergonomic nightmare.  Computer/keyboard etc friendly furniture would greatly improve working conditions.\\I would also note that there are too many parking spaces.  While they are generally full, the average parking spot barely fits a vehicle, and it is impossible to get out of the car without hitting the car next to you.  Especially if you have to get your computer or other bag out of it.  My car is significantly banged up.
Ever since we went to the lower cubicles it is way noisier and we can even hear from the offices near our cubicles when they have conversations or phone calls.  When people walk past our cubicles it is also distracting  as we have the lower walls you can see over when you are seated.  Sometimes I get startled as I am engrossed in work and someone walks by and I am surprised and react by jumping in my chair.  There are also two entrances by my cubicle that cause distraction as employees use them throughout the day.  This was not an issue when we had the higher walls on our cubicles as they were more private and you could not see the people walking by and it was also a noise barrier.  The sound masking they installed is not enough.  We could probably use more baffling or white noise to assist with the noise issue we now all deal with.  It's even worse if you are in an area with more people concentrated next to you.
I need a private office to conduct my work effectively
The checkpoints are filthy.  They are so dusty and dirty they make us sick.  They smell terrible. The air conditioning is inadequate.
This is a stupid arrangement as is the not giving people individual work spaces.
Building management is sub par. On going construction has created dust bowl parking lot. GOVS are covered in dirt. Limited parking during construction process. Elevator is constantly going out of service
l'\;l\';l\';l
Opening windows in the building/hallway would help air it out/not smell and we usually vacuum our own work spaces.
My work space design is satisfactory.  The temperature varies erratically in my single-person office.  Although a thermostat was installed on the wall near the door leading into my office, the thermostat seems to measure the temperature only.  Changing the temperature setting to warmer or cooler does not warn or cool the office.  This is frustrating, especially during the cold winter months between November and April.  Because my office has large windows, in the winter the window glass transfers cold air into my office.  I cannot heat the office because the thermostat does not increase the temperature.
No additional comments
The building management does not respond or take care of issues as urgently as they should and often seem to create more problems that hey fix.
Our department needs more space and a break area, considering our staff. When I compared our area to other department areas, we have a very small area. Also, it would be nice to have small meeting spaces that can be used by any department and entering a code to enter the space. Also, it would be nice to have office sites in the Portland and Vancouver that can be used by remote workers.
'-My office really needs to be painted.  I am the second tenant, and the first marked up the walls a lot.  I don't know if there is a way to request to have my office painted.\-I wish more people could be encouraged to take the stairs.  The stairs are really awesome in our building.\-I feel like the security personnel force is too large.  In addition, some members are occasionally less professional (e.g., checking out passing women).
The bathrooms need to be cleaned better. The bathroom supplies need to be replaced sooner. The person who is cleaning the restrooms should be able to replace the supplies at the same time and not wait for another person to check to see if there are supplies that need to be replaced. The hallways need to be swept regularly.
We telework 4 days out of 5 and now the building has been redesigned to offer hoteling units for those who only come in one day a week. I personally didn't see the need to redesign and renovate the offices, so my concern about the waste of tax dollars is high. However, the space itself is more than adequate and very nice.
I like having a window in my cubical.\\As far as the laboratories are concerned the organization of the storage space for extra equipment and samples is not very well organized or managed.  And the "Tunnel Storage Area" in the Fairbank Building has water leaks onto the shelves.
Open space between agency's does not provide for a effective work environment.  I can hear all customer information regarding other agency customers. there is no privacy when dealing with customers when relating to private financial matters.
The desk in the office is located so that my back is basically to the door. Personally, I feel that is unsafe, but I was told that it could not be changed.
The cube walls do not isolate or insulate any sound.
Considering all the different workstations at this location, the absolute worst is working in the truck lane booths. Starting at the top, the white ceiling vents and grated light diffuser panels are black and thick with dust. The all-around windows are dirty and some of the windows have dirty see-through shades that do not protect from the sun anyway. The counters and equipment are NEVER cleaned because the cleaning guy is not allowed to move the computer or anything and NEVER makes any effort to work around this problem or have someone move anything for him. I occasionally bring wipes and clean my immediate workspace, but I do not have the supplies or the time to clean the entire area while a line of trucks is waiting to be processed. The floors are on rare occasion quickly swiped with a dirty mop! I don't believe a vacuum cleaner has ever been in these booths, based on what I observe in the corners and crevices. All of the ledges and edges, cables, table legs and brackets are also ignored. The paint is dirty and peeling. The sliding windows in the doors are falling apart and some are held together with tape.\There is also no weatherization in the booths and since most of the sliding doors don't close completely, we tape the openings or stuff them with paper (or both) in the winter to prevent the cold air from blowing through, especially since half the heaters only work half the time. Many of us carry our own personal heater to survive the really cold days. When summer arrives, we are missing the cold air when the air conditioners go out in half the booths. Most of those units are on the ceiling without a thermostat, so when they are working, I have to climb up on a stool to reach the controls.\The booths are also in poor condition on the outside. The paint is peeling badly and around the base, rust and corrosion is taking over.\There is a nice little courtyard here where the landscaping is maintained and it looks good. When you get out away from that area, the litter is abundant and lining the bottom of fences along with the out-of-control weeds. The facility grounds are also not maintained during winter weather when most places of business are required to keep snow plowed and shoveled – if not for the employees, then what about the public?\I think I have given you enough to think about.
There are heating/cooling issues. These issues have been brought to local management's attention to no avail. Our OSARP room is so cold! In the month of June 2018, with outside temps reaching 95 to 98 degrees the officers are wearing winter sweaters and coats, with a small heater just to stay warm  while working in the room, and its not much different in the winter.\On the other hand the checkpoint is sometimes so hot, even our passengers complain to us, but of course we can do nothing, same in the winter for the checkpoint. We do not have access to temperature controls. And nothing seems to change when complaints are made about the temperature.  Also I work with a whole team of adults, most of whom cannot seem to clean up after themselves. We do not have adequate cleaning services for our checkpoint and baggage screening workspaces.
There have been many improvements to our work environment which makes for a happier, healthier and more productive work space.  There is still room for improvement esp. with the bathrooms.  Some are keep very clear while others are still in need of daily attention.
Elevators are EXTREMELY SLOW.  The timing of the doors is so slow it can take 5 minutes or more to actually get them closed and moving. There is no accessible non-emergency stair well access to the normal entrances, so even folks on the second or third floors cannot take the stairs.
1.  There is a mouse problem in the NCC.  Although there are traps set up, I think more needs to be done to get rid of them.  There has been evidence of them on people's desks!  We've called building management and they come out to handle it.  But the mice always come back!  Especially late in the day when no one is around.  There are ALWAYS workers doing landscaping outside.  Can we redirect some of that effort inside to deal with the mice?    \2.  Temperatures are inconsistent, especially in the restrooms lounges.  I use the lounge to pump breast milk for my baby.  The lounges are always the same temperature as it is outside.  So in the winter the lounge is FREEZING and in the summer the lounge is HOT and HUMID.  There is a dial on the wall labeled "on", "off" and "auto".  I believe for the heat?  But I've never been able to figure it out.   \3.  We need a kitchen sink somewhere?  We only have the bathroom sinks, and they are not conducive for washing a lunch dish, etc.  \4.  We need water bottle refill stations?  It's impossible to refill a water bottle in a water fountain.  \5.  Need more parking in the NCC.  Especially since they are putting 300+ offices on the 3rd floor, and bringing over 300+ people.  Where are they going to park?\6.  Announcements and fire alarms can not be heard in the bathroom lounges or certain conference rooms (NCC North A for example).  This is a safety concern.  \7.  We need more conference rooms.  It is very competitive to get a conference room for a meeting.  You have to reserve them weeks in advance.  \8.  Cubicles ... Our cubicles were redone about 10 years ago.  The only problem is that in some areas the "door openings" are staggered so the "door openings" are not directly across from each other.  But in our area, the "door openings" are directly across from each other (not staggered) so you loose what little privacy you have in the cube.
I wish the parking garage was not open to the public. It presents a real safety hazard. Clearly nothing has been learned from Oklahoma City and first WTC bombings. Security walk-throughs would not prevent something like that. The parking garage in the winter causes those of us on the 6th floor to not be able to feel our feet due to it being open air. The meeting spaces are in high demand and standing meetings booked months in advance are often bumped.
The building stairs need attention both from the point of view of design and condition. It's not uncommon to find the vinyl floor is cracked and step edges are broken which may pose the danger of falling.
positioning of the desk and computer are not adjustable.   there is no way to make any adjustments to fit your personal needs...Air ducts could probably use some cleaning.   some areas of the carpet could be replaced.   I sometimes feel a burning sensation in my eyes from the air in the building.
New building management has taken steps to improve many areas that were problematic with previous building management.
It would be very useful to:\1. Clarify the galley trash bin labels -- "trash" and "food trash" are confusing\2. Have more than one microwave in a galley\3. I've never been in the building without needing a sweater.\4. The outside of the windows need to be cleaned -- the wooden slats on the outside of the building must make this very difficult, but it is necessary.  \5.  If there is ever a chance to reconsider those wooden slats, they should be removed.  They inhibit the view, complicate cleaning the outside of the windows, and are generally unattractive.\6. The cleaning crews do an excellent job!  The building seems to be in great shape, and I appreciate it.
I would like for the Kitchen to have exhaust fans, the foods that is cook in microwave smell awful.  It sometimes make others have headaches or make others sick on their stomach.
People congregate around cubicle to talk and makes it hard to carry on your daily duties (i.e. answering phones and concentrating on your own work duties.
I am extremely satisfied with the general condition of the office building and the quality of my personal workspace.
Over all the floor I work on is in good condition and clean the other floors however need some work done to them to get them clean
Hoteling SUCKS!!! GSA needs to consider designated 'open space' work stations for all employees. Hoteling is a counter productive practice, especially since most employees sit at the same space on a regular basis anyway to avoid the desk reservation process.
Interior offices have no window panes.  When my door is closed, it is very uncomfortable and closet like.  We hired someone from another building recently, and they are having a hard time with the physical change of working in this one. People are cool, but the building space is not generally very comfortable. Sometimes it is more noticeable than at other times.  I'm not a complainer, but it's maybe the worst I've had in 25 years of working.
None at this time.
We share a break room with our work office space. It would be nice to have a separate break room off the unit. Separate from the staff that's not on break.
conversations from adjoining and nearby offices & hallways is very disrupting. I need to focus and concentrate on my work but find it very difficult.
There is a lack of handicapped parking as related to the elevators.  We do have some spaces, however, the elevators are in the middle area of the common grounds so it can be challenging for some handicapped people to access the elevator easily.  Also, because of the limited handicap parking spaces it can be a long walk to the one elevator that services our side of the building.  Also, the street that the office faces is a drop off point for cars that break down on the freeway.  All day long we have tow trucks dropping off cars and making noise which is interesting as there are business buildings on both sides of the street.
I wish the cleaning people would vacuum more often, and the tile in the bathrooms needs a good cleaning. The cleaning lady in the morning works very hard and is always working. She does a great job, but she doesn't clean the bathrooms someone else does.
Cafeteria/food services are extremely lacking.  Cost is high for poor quality and service.  Often out of most things and limited selections.    \\Having to remove government laptops from bags for scanning every morning is ridiculous and causes time delays in the mornings.
Many distractions in cubicle land!  Inconsiderate co-workers don't silence their cell phones and some like to use speakerphone for meetings instead of obtaining and using headphones.
The US made a terrible mistake when they turned management, construction, funding over to the GSA for all Federal space.  A more convoluted, bureaucratic system couldn't have possibly been envisioned by normal human beings.
My work place does not have a break room ,the group rooms are too small. We do not have access to any vending machines, on the first floor when you enter the building there should be chairs for our veterans that are waiting on there transportation have seen veterans sitting on the steps.
I'm in a cubicle.  The noise levels when people are on work conversations in neighboring cubicles make it difficult to concentrate.  The best solution would be to provide those who want them with noise reduction earphones.\\I wish there was more natural light.  Employees next to the natural light many times shut their blinds.
For two winters in a row we've had to put plastic sheeting over our desks/computers because the roof leaks. The owner of the building still hasn't fixed the problem and it's already almost July. Are we going to have a third winter of a leaky roof?\\Also, there's no way  to prevent an intruder from getting into the building once they enter the front door. It's simply an open entry once into the building for them to roam the halls. If an armed intruder walks in the front door there is nothing to keep them there. In other words, we have no protection.
In order to get service to remove a broken computer desk (that would not adjust) and exchange it with a computer desk several cubicles away that worked, multiple tickets (6)were submitted, only to have the responses come back, the ticket was closed because the ticket was submitted under an incorrect code.  The last ticket response referred the person to use the code that was used on the first ticket submission.  The person was requesting a working  computer desk that adjusted  (theirs would not adjust up and down) due to carpal tunnel diagnosis (this was annotated), and over a 3 week period, the submitted tickets were ALL closed.  Ultimately, people in the office removed the broken compute desk and exchanged it with a computer desk that adjusted.  This is not acceptable service.
I would like to have more control over temperature (I actually have to keep a blanket in my office).
The small corner of the building where we are located in our cubicles has one window that can been seen while walking through the area but there is no other outside light.  second issue is the amount of noise within the small room with more than eight people stuffed into a tight spot no one can take a phone call without affecting everyone in the area.
The bathrooms, kitchen and copy room are on the opposite side of the floor. I have to walk the equivalent of at least one city block each time I need to use any of these building facilities. I spend much of my day in transit between these facilities. I go to make copies in the copy room and realize that I forgot to bring something necessary to complete the task. So I have to walk a city block back to my cubicle and then another city block back to the copy room. Over the course of a day this is very tiring.
I am very lucky to be "in the back," and away from hall noise and foot traffic.  I have awesome window space behind me and a great view.  Although I have an open workspace, I feel I have a lot of privacy that others don't.  However, I get no A/C and no airflow by me, yet other areas are like a meat locker.  I have to keep a fan running year round to circulate the very dry and stale air.
Great workspace with cabinets & bookshelves
Location is secure and building is clean.  This location should be a permanent location for USAO as it is in the same building as the Federal Courts.
The rugs are dirty and the walls in the stairwells and hallways are dingy and need some new paint.  Just to be able to look out a window would be helpful and prevent Vitamin D deficiency, especially in the winter. Therese blue cube walls are old and not much can be put up in the cube walls with out falling down.
Damaged, out-dated nurses station, dirty
We have open-air cubicles where we can see each other and hear each other. Rows have partitions that people cannot see into the next row, but we hear each other clearly.
Crowds of staff and visitors waiting in the elevator lobbies for 5 to 10 minutes at a time every day, all day. 7 elevators, 13 floors (3-15). The elevators are inefficient, incorrectly programmed, showing up and down arrows at the same time, and are costing all of the staff who work on this floor productivity. Example: Friday, June 16, 2018 at 4:35PM. The building staff had largely departed. 6th floor 11 minutes for a down elevator. No one on the elevator when it arrived. No sounds of elevators passing the floor.
The personnel from the Third Power Plant are using up the windowed office space that I should have.
Cubicle areas are not sound proofing as it should be for a position were you must talk to taxpayers about their private and confidential information. It is very uncomfortable when a co-worker nearby talks none stop on the phone disregarding others needs and right to privacy. I think it will be questionable if our taxpayers know that the information we are discussing can be heard by others in the area with out a need to know right.
I have an office, lacks any windows but with a locking door which does lock. It has adequate room for me and my files. However, it is not soundproof, and others can hear what is said in my office which is an issue.
Need more storage space so I don't have to store field gear around and under my desk.  I'm sick of tripping over things, but have nowhere to put my gear.  Also, need more space for files and records that we are REQUIRED TO RETAIN.
Office spaces are narrow which limit furniture configuration and can lead to safety concerns where Patients are nearest the door in event of an emergency.
GSA is nothing more than a slum lord for other federal agencies. May the day come when GSA is abolished by Congress.
the design and security of the building is abysmal. anyone can walk in from the exterior (North) of the building and no one will say anything. the layout is horrible and could be better to accommodate the traffic of people coming in both from pedestrian and vehicle. I feel extremely unsafe and not secure at all at the workplace.
This office space is very unprofessional.
Area is dirty, there is no privacy when veteran are at nurses station, only have cold water at sink to wash hands
parking spaces were re-painted a couple years ago and they are too narrow.
We do not have an adequate workspace.  There is NOT nearly enough room for us to work, have computers and complete our jobs.  We have 3 people crammed into a very small work space. Also our waiting area is like a small closet and pt continuously cough and sneeze in each other's faces.
lack of exterior windows
I work on a Security Checkpoint - Generally open to public with restricted access
The 3 toilets back-up on occasion and the women's bathroom has had ongoing flushing issues starting from around 2014 when the Vet Center relocated to this building. Also, the ceiling leaks and therefore ceiling tile staining is on-going. One particular spot has leaked for years and does to this day, whenever there are days of rain.
when they partitioned, they should have left access to more windows providing more light and more ability to look outside
Get rid of the cubicles. Allows the blinds to be open.
too many people too much conversation
the ice maker has been broken in the break room 1 for over a year . The coffee maker has had issues for over 6 yrs
Cheap furniture and crowded cubicles.  Design is straight out of the 1980s.  Every special agent should have a segregated office environment from which phone calls and conversations can be had with victims, witnesses, and attorneys without everyone able to hear.  In general, the GSA fails to understand the mission of the FBI and is unable to design a workspace and facilities to further that mission.
We need a lunch room. Currently the only microwave and sink is in the main conference room.  If there is a meeting/training going on then we cannot heat our lunch.  \\Nursing mothers have no place private to go to nurse or pump besides the multi-stall bathroom with only toilets to sit on, or a small library without a lock.\\The windows of our office are never cleaned - I currently have two large streaks of bird droppings on my window that have been there for weeks.  Every year a bird nests above the window and they are never removed.\\The front glass doors of the building are cloudy and filthy looking.
Lanes are too close to each other, posing potential risks for officers to hit body parts on the machinery while performing job functions. We have wires on the floor, covered by rubber mats, which is unsafe, they can be a tripping hazard.
Open cube design is terrible. Need climate-controlled storage at ground level with vehicle access.  A building locker room and showers would be helpful.
I use noise cancelling headphones most of the day when I work in the office
Need to vacuum/clean the floors
There are several safety concerns that need to be addressed immediately.  There is no secured parking area for employees.  Additionally, there are no secured detention areas for subjects our employees deal with.  Operating in these conditions pose a significant risk to the safety of our employees.  These conditions have existed for an extended period of time, with remedies being delayed several times.
Temperature should  be checked  daily or adjustable according   to weather of the  week.
My dissatisfaction with GSA is the decision they made a few years ago to be forced to evacuate the building in case of a CAT I or above hurricane.  I work in the CG Command Center in the Hale Boggs building and it is ridiculous to have to evacuate for a minor hurricane...before this decision was made I have stood watches in this building during CAT III storms with no problems...this decision is disruptive to CG command and control during a storm and is wasteful of taxpayer monies.
The restroom needs actual hot and cold faucets so we can shave. The motion activated faucets are horrible and you can’t control temperature from them. \The gym needs a water fountain.
Exterior issues are not the fault of the building's owner or building property manager. Unfortunately  the issues include all the construction going on in this section of town; plus the increased homeless presence in the entire City of san Francisco. In my opinion, this leads to the majority of the uncleanliness in this section of town.
Too loud when making phone calls to veterans...too much background noise.
No security and No wifi after repeatedly mentioning this on every annual survey.
I can hear every conversation of everyone within a 30 foot radius, it is hard to conduct private conversations with customers when they can hear other people in the background
The building is old and has issues consistent with its age. The Federal Protective Police, the Maintenance staff especially Paul Merrill, and Work, Inc., especially Chris Brown always go above and beyond to make the building better.
The space is too small for the type of work I do which involves a large amount of documents.
A collaboration space with Ethernet cords to allow multiple laptops to be connected to the DOE network would improve brainstorming sessions, creative thinking, co-authoring, and simultaneous work on a document during meetings, allowing more effective teamwork and productive sessions. Currently, only two laptops can be connected at a time in our conference rooms, limiting participation.
They cannot control temperature in the building.  Very inconsistent throughout.  The main security checkpoint, which all passengers go through it hot, they complain and crabby, which we have to deal with plus we're sweating too.
I think my office is too small to have two desks in it.  It should only be a single.  There are other offices that are larger that have 1 person yet the smaller offices are doubled.  Not sure I understand that.
Building manager has been very helpful in furnishing me with a large whiteboard, markers, etc. for technical conversations. \Constant computer software modifications are annoying, but, I suppose, necessary and unavoidable and a sign of good management. New passwords are still called for periodically, even though their regular use is superseded by the Smartcard.\Restroom facilities are excellent, but a bit meager. So far no problems.
GSA Bookit is terrible. GSA IT support for the workspace is even worse. Our IT department should be ashamed of wifi quality etc. Bookit only allows use via phone when we're in the building, that makes it difficult to use and not even worth it. I see bookit add a waste since everyone sits in the same seats.
Building has multiple leaks when it rains.  We are constantly having problems in our office.  Can't say for sure if other offices have the same problem.
lack of windows in office suites - have to go into the hallway to get natural light
There is totally insufficient security in the building. There are homeless people who stay in the common area on the first floor throughout the day. There is trash, debris and unidentified fluid left in the elevator on a frequent basis. There are often cockroaches in the stairwells. People smoke directly in front of the entrances. You can hear walking and normal-level voices in the adjacent floors.
my office has no walls.  Employees can hear conversation with management which is never good.
we are now in a multi-month lead contamination situation in our water, which is not being fixed by anyone.  This building is not fit for occupancy as a matter of basic health issues, and ahs not been for years.  We have also wasted millions of taxpayer dollars over the course of some two decades redoing the exterior facade, only to conclude that this work could not - in fact -  be done.
they redesigned the lobby..looks great , but they placed a TV and sitting area right outside my cube \space so I now work in a fishbowl.  I could close the blinds, but I like the light coming in
Dust build-up from common areas, unoccupied cubicles, and window ledges impacts air quality and cleanliness at times.\\My work area is often too cold, particularly during the winter months.  At times I've worked while wearing four layers (t-shirt, dress shirt, sweater and coat) just trying to stay warm.
Constant plumbing, elevator and air conditioning issues.  This space is not safe for officers escorting prisoners and evidence.  Protestors and anti-immigration enforcement antagonists are a persistent threat to officer safety.
I'm satisfied with my work area and space, very private and confidentiality is very good
Need space to run groups.
Work space area affects my MH health when  noise limits are disrespected by other co-workers
Workspace with partitions that most people can not see over. Open workspace is not conducive to personal work conversations.  Even with employees trying to speak low, others can hear.  Need partition doors.\\Cell phone service is horrible in this building.  It is not consistent with connectivity.  This is really a great concern for me.  My school aged daughter and her school; elderly mother and others use my cell phone to contact me in emergency and for quick updates.  I see employees walking around the building trying to find a good spot and even stepping outside to try to get a connection.  In 32 years of service at CDC, I have not had this type of problem.  The last 18 years at University Park (previously Koger Center), I did not have connectivity issues, but I know that colleagues did and there was another cell tower or booster added to the campus.  PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE add another cell tower, booster, or whatever is needed for our cell phones function.  We also work in training so connectivity for Skype and webinars is extremely important.  I attended a SKYPE session in one of our new classrooms and connectivity was a huge issue.\\Also, the sensors in the classrooms cause the lights to go off even when students are in the classrooms.  We have to wave our hands to make the lights come back on.  This was is the Goddard and Koplan computer rooms.
My workspace is laid out so that my back is to the opening in the high cube walls and to a common, busy interior walkway. I don't care for this at all - people are observing me without me knowing they are. Also, my desk is visible, from behind me again, through a window in a locked door leading to a hallway outside my office. I also don't like that. There is no way to change the layout within my cube. To change this would require a complete reconfiguration of the cubes that are adjacent to my workspace.
The Gates for the entry and exit are not reliable and have a tendency to break in the rear of the office perimeter space. \\Elevators have a concerning shimmy in the when moving to the top floor that can be concerning to riders.
The building manager is slow to respond to issues.  More often than not, he makes excuses for why he is not addressing issues brought to his attention.  Although we know to contact the building manager for issues, we have to submit a ticket through the Employee Resource Information Center in order for an issue to be addressed (it still may not be addressed in a timely manner, but it will be addressed).
Besides the unnecessary FLOURESCENT lighting overhead at our individuals workstations and the nasty odors in the bathrooms on the 2nd floor, and the fact that the workspaces are never swept or mopped, everything else is okay.  Thanks for giving the tenants a chance to express their opinions!
Overall the building is maintained pretty well.  The carpets are getting worn and dirty looking though for not being that old.  Office space tends to be chilly.
1) Ogden, UT Main building Door D has issues. When we try to scan out (Lane 1), the door will not open. Sometimes if it does open, it will shut early and ram into our arms. The Lane 2 has the issues that sometimes it will or will not open when we scan our badge.\2) Being in the heat during the Summer months, the shaded parking spots are prime real estate. It will only get worse when Cincinnati closes and we get that many more employees. If we are going to stay in this building, it would be extremely beneficial to have a parking garage, either 2-story or underground. That would also reduce the need for snow plows in the Winter. The snow plows also pull up the asphalt so it would reduce the need for new asphalt.
The elevators that take us from the garage to the employee entrance lobby in the NCFB building need serious renovation!!!!  I REFUSE to use the one on the far left, I rarely opens properly and I'm scared to get on it.  They're in need of desperate repair.  Please do not continually send us these surveys and our feedback is not acted upon.  Thanks.
Work space do not provide any space to move make feel clausrophobic
Air quality, dust , and Mold issue's.....
Very concerned about the water quality and safety accessible to me and the public. \\The reason I did not give the security or police the highest mark was because most of them look very obese and incapable of physically keeping me or others safe apart from using a weapon I suppose. I consider their present health or health risk a factor influencing performance capability. \\Please do a better job on the bathrooms (floors and regular maintenance)\\Please replace the vendor in the Canteen with one that will provide food that promotes healthy lifestyle and not one that contributes to it.  Thanks for the food trucks but they are not much better, sometimes equally as bad.
The biggest problem is having a drinkable water system. The current process by GSA is to have water dispensary that is just a waste of money. Having a nice filtration system would eliminate cost and effort.  I am currently located on the 2nd floor of Building 66 and the report/information provided is regards to the second floor.
The cleaning staff does a great job at keeping the interior of the building clean. However, the elevators have a horrible odor that just vacuuming them does not help. The smell is nauseating and can't be good for anyone's health.
The office doesn't have enough space to a commentate everyone, making personal work space in the storage area, now don't have space for storage, to have meeting or trainings must go to a different location, most of the time use the state department of Ag meeting rooms if available.
I am completely dissatisfied with the open workspace environment, no privacy, noise from adjacent staff and employees are impossible to focus on work at my desk.  The workspace was designed for employees to work only 50% in the office.  Currently, with the new Telework policy, I work at the office four (4) days a week in which I have to reserve and utilize a conference room 6 hr. a day to my job. I cannot focus at my work desk nor conduct daily confidential telephone calls required to perform my job duties.
These comments relate to my personal workspace and the Riverside building in general. My workspace is claustrophobic in size and inadequate for my assigned tasks and requirements. I am required to store (lock) expensive equipment in my cabinets and drawers temporarily but the space is inadequate for the task. Temporary in my case can be between a week to several months. I often receive shipments of equipment that must be stored under the desk or in my limited cubicle space; at times I have been unable to move in my space due to the boxes but I am responsible for the telecommunications equipment and devices. The building overall has the look and feel of a prison (I was an auditor for the federal prison system in a previous employment). The facility is fairly clean but outdated and non-functioning elevators and non-functional drinking fountains and fountains with foul tasting water are found throughout the building. The toilets and sinks have either too much pressure or not enough. The entrance gates have malfunctioned for months. The ID card readers that lock/unlock the doors throughout the building often had difficulty reading our ID cards; the readers have become better over time but occasionally still cause problems. Smokers need to be moved away from the entrances; at least 100 yards. Odors inside the building often cause my sinus allergies to flare up and we do have many people that insist on using strong perfumes and lotions but the ventilation cannot pull those odors out. Lastly, and perhaps the most questionable missing service to be found in this building (a USDA building - Agriculture Bldg) is a satisfactory cafeteria. The food service here is terrible at best. It is for all intent and purpose - non-existent here. The little food offered here is terrible and extremely expensive. The cafeteria space is not clean in my opinion and completely inadequate in quality or service considering this building is used as a work space for hundreds of employees on a daily basis. The cooks are not trained and the folks working the registers often charge incorrectly.
The building does not offer enough natural light.
Open workspace just seems to encourage interruptions. It makes it very difficult to concentrate and be productive. Noise cancelling headphones are a must in open workspace designs.
The "Executive Restroom" which was provided to us is terrible. It smells and rocks/moves when more than one person is in it. The railing was very slippery when we had rain and the steps were high. There was no ramp for those of us who needed the assistance. When we brought this up to management, we were told we would get a ramp, yet we got an actual stand alone port-a-potty which did not flush and was gross. \\It would be nice to have a small area with tables and chairs outside to take a break.
Half the time the soap dispensers and paper towel dispensers in the bathrooms don't work, the bathroom counters are always soaked and have soap stains on them.\\The building is either freezing or it's way too hot, there's no in between. \\Cleaning staff doesn't do a very good job at wiping things down and vacuuming under desk areas.
The very small desk space is constricting.
Security: It would be good if each person - including employees with badges - had to go through a security scanner just as it is does at the Dept of Labor building. Only visitors are required to go through a scanning gate. However, as we know employees can bring in weapons as well and cause bodily harm or death.
I don't like that the security guards pull my badge out of its holder and touch it with their hands that have touched all the other badges, thus spreading germs.  Also, if they pull it out of the holder, they should put it back into the holder as a courtesy.  I'm unsure of why they need to pull it completely out of the holder anyway....when they can touch it to see if it's a real badge and can see the picture. Not sure what the purpose is for actually holding it.
Need to remove extraneous furniture so office can be utilized more effectively.
I cannot hear clients in person or on the phone while the other joining office has clients or co-workers in their office.
This cubicle environment is not ideal.  People can interrupt me easily.  Noise travels far as well.  It is difficult to focus.
Broken toilet seats need to be replace to avoid a safety issue as well as replacement of the carpet. The condition of the carpet is causing people to trip; a safety concern. The Bed bug issue is currently being addressed and treated.
I'm quite used to this work space now, but the noise and inability to prevent people from "popping in" seriously hinders my productivity some days. I easily get twice as much done when I work from home.
Would be very nice to have the availability for a standing workstation. I dont want to sit or stand all day but having the option would be great.
The cleaning personnel do not clean the floors any, often there are dead bugs and lots of coal dirt on the floors and especially in the conference room area. Also, we have limited phone signal service, cell phones do not get any reception so we cannot get any service to receive calls from outside the office. We have no WIFI in the building and the internet service is slow.
really happy with my office, but there are rodent and insect issues in the entire building.  The lighting is also quite harsh.  There should be more spaces for nursing/pumping mothers.  I was really disappointed when a lot of the cleaning staff was dismissed with no notice, they were people who worked very hard and did a great job and the way they were treated was inexcusable!
I have complained to Jon Senn about the temperature, but have basically been told it is what it is and no one can do anything about how cold it is all year round.
There is extra workspace in this office but some staff members are assigned workspace and some are not.  I chose a vacant cubicle and claimed it as my own.
we have security at the main entrance but employees still use doors that are not intended for use and this scares me because what if they come in there with weapons one day
furniture is fixed wooden desk, not ergo designed & takes up too much space. In addition, most office furniture is not designed for shorter peopled (5'1").
The air conditioning in the gym is occasionally turned on, but usually the facility has it turned off. It is in an area that has floor to ceiling windows so it heats up in there like a green house. In the summer days, with no air conditioning on, the temperature can get very high.
In general I am proud of the appearance of this FOB and the professionalism of the support staff and security folks.
I have an office with new furniture, which is sufficient for my needs; however, the office itself does not have enough electrical outlets. All of my work-supplied equipment can be plugged in, using the outlets and power strips, but there are no additional outlets or spaces on the power strips for personal items such as lamps (I have an interior office, without a window, and would like to be able to use a less harsh light than the overhead) or chargers for a personal cell phone.
Building is dirty. There are insects such as flies and ants. Recent change in contractor that is  inconsistent with emptying trash. Refrigerators are nasty and have ancient food that is smelly. Sink, counters and microwaves are nasty. Carpets are dirty. Kitchen area is a health hazard.
I have requested that my temperature be warmer or colder and also provided evidence that it is too hot or too cold and building management refuses to adjust the temperature or fix the problem.  Others in the building have the same issue and this also includes laboratory spaces.  This has been a long-standing issue.
prefer personal offices that we had previously
size or work area is to small, not enough room to store required paperwork
'- Security of the building: the design of putting a public garage under a Federal Building is a security risk.  There should be guards at the garage (as there used to be) to discourage someone malicious from parking in the garage.\\- Conference Rooms: My organization struggles to find conference rooms for meetings at times. \\- Workspace: The typical workspace does not provide enough privacy (for quiet work, for phone calls to a doctor, for private meetings, or not-private meetings that you just don't want to bother your nearby coworkers).
The floors are always trembling when anyone walks and the windows always let in the heat from outside.
They don't vacuum in cubes.
Knowing that there are approx. a dozen more employees going to be introduced into the current space that houses 16 persons is going to become a nightmare
Nurses do not have assigned workspace, many nurses share 3 computers at the open desk area. Providers also use These computers to chart.
Our cleaning person only works about 1 hour a day.  He sits in the lunch room with his TV on his phone.  Our bathrooms and kitchen area are discus ting.  He never mops or sweeps the kitchen floor and when your shoes are sticking, you have to ask him to mop it.
This is the first VA I have worked at that did not have a separate personal work space for the doctor that was not doubling as an exam room. I have ugly peeling wallpaper and scared walls from removed items. It is slightly better than Medical Mission work I have done in foreign countries. I have a rusty little desk with insufficient storage for papers, etc.
All workstations should have some kind of door.  Our space is encouraged to be used for teleconferences and such, and noise cannot be blocked out when on the telephone.
The furniture (tables, hutches) take up half the room in my office.  It is not modern or functional.
Vacuuming could be better.
Bathrooms need updating.  Common kitchen areas should have ice maker/water machines or water fountains throughout building capable of refilling water bottles.
The area I work in is adjacent to the employee briefing room and bathroom/showers.  There are 3 things that affect me/our workspace:\1) Air from air exchangers is on the other side of the firewall from my office, so cold/cold air will fill my office, or in the winter, warm/warm air heats it up or is inconsistent.\2) Kitchenette food disposal in our lunch/briefing room was removed and a screen over the drain was placed in its stead (Long time).  When a plate is rinsed in sink the mucky food water expands to the 4 corners of the sink and then leaves a residue around base and edges, while the water slowly drains.  The screen catches this debris and it sits there until someone is brave enough to remove it (gross).\3) (Scale- 1 cold to 10 Hot)  Hot water is never, ever available: A) Kitchen sink took 40 seconds before cold water turned to a 2-3 on warmth scale and remained that way for 120 seconds before I discontinued the assessment, B) Bathroom sinks (x2) moved to a 2-3 in about 20 seconds (running kitchen sink for 120 seconds probably influenced the pace in which it moved and C) Showers (x2) moved to a 2-3 scale within 5 seconds, also probably due to running water on the other areas.  This shower never got above a 3.  \\This has been the standard for 15 years, which we know needed conveyed on surveys, but sometimes the system wears you down.  \\Some arguments from TAA say that Officers put too much food in disposal and so it had to be removed.  Other excuses are that the current airport sewage system is outdated and sump pumps etc. cant' handle our usage....minimal as it is.  \\We get busy with our jobs and just accept the situation.  However, figure you need to know.
Computer faces windows, and glare on screen during certain times of the day. Also, the side of the workstation that does not have any partition faces an office with all windows, so limited privacy.
None.  No more surveys, unless some changes can be made.\We need a custodian.  Since I've been here that 2005, we have not had anyone come in on a\regular basis to clean.  We have a firefighter come in and pick up the trash and vacuum the\hallways.  Sometimes no one comes.  This is when we have to do it our self's.  Usually in a hurry\or at the end of the day.  Dust is the worst.  I have allergies, sometimes I sneeze most of the day.\Outside the yard needs raking and the trees need to be trimmed.  I can hear the Air conditioner\running and that's on the other side of the building.  The Air conditioner needs to be cleaned.\It has cotton from the trees.  It's like the lint on a dryer.  I mentioned this to the person in charge of maintenance.  He said that he would check into it.  I haven't seen any improvement yet.
The building is dirty. The restrooms are foul. There's roaches in the bathrooms, stairwells, and I imagine all canteens. There's no refrigerators for employees to be able to pack a lunch. The cloth partitions allow for bed bugs to take residence. The smoke areas are right by cars on both floors except P3, which is widely RA. I am allergic to smoke and have maybe 8 parking spots where my car in to affected. There's only recycling for cans. What about bottles and plastic? It takes forever to have a ticket request reviewed, especially on swing shift. The condition of this building has been the basis of looking for a new job, in a cleaner building.
The location enhances the ability to work with non-federal partners.  Moving locations would be a detriment to this cooperation.
Old air conditioning units that are way out dated/inefficient.  Roof that is flat, horrible design, 15 year life span that has been in use for 26 years and leaks all over and needs replaced.
Need more open space design.  Collaboration areas.  Meeting spaces that are free
six floor extremely cold year round
The entry foyer need to be enclosed with view/teller window and 15 minute rated security door.  Solar panels should be installed over parking areas to reduce sun on asphaltic concrete.  Chairs in conference room need to be replaced.  Still, I am thankful every time I think about it, that we are not in a GSA building.
Not sure who designed this current work space but it is absolutely terrible.
The building ceiling leaks after a heavy rain. This has become a common occurrence in our building. Informing the employees about the outcome of mold/hazardous material test can explain why allergy symptoms are common among the employees. Air test was conducted in our building but employees were not notified of the outcome.
The location of the building is a sercurity concern. An alley and roads are adjacent.
Not sure if it's our agency to blame, but we are running out of space and have no extra room to put new hires.
There is very little space for private conversation. We have a lounge with a refrigerator and ice machine were we confer with the psychiatrist about his patients but the machines are so loud we speak loud to compete and can be heard in the hallway.
Infrastructure of facility is old. Emphasis by senior management is on esthetics. We have constant flooding due to ancient piping and over chlorination. Much of the electrical distribution system is far past it's life cycle and even some of the more recent distribution equipment is junk/unreliable (Paralleling  Gear).
The trash for the building gets taken out maybe once a month and starts to smell like rotten food, the bathrooms are cleaned about once a month. If the men's restroom runs out of toilet paper we have to ask the females to grab some. The trash is always over flowing and the floors are always dirty. The building/office is always above 75 degrees even if windows are open.
This office space needs to be renovated ASAP
Our current space is great. We are now being moved to a less functional area. Employee morale has sank due to our relocation.
Cleanliness of the bathrooms is a major issues every year.  There is a light clean done once a day for a restroom that is used by many. Not sufficient.  The floors and walls get dirtier each year because a deep clean is never done.  Supplies (toilet paper, etc) are available.  the faucets squirt toward the person standing there instead of directly into the sink and don't drain properly.  Only the counters and floor of the common areas with a refrigerator and microwave are not kept clean not the inside of appliances.  If that is the employees' responsibility, that information has never been conveyed to us.  The cleaning crew is professional, friendly, and tries to do their best. The cube walls are old and dusty.  The ventilation is extremely inconsistent.   The cube opening leaves your back to the opening which is very uncomfortable to have people walk behind you.  The hallways are kept clean but the stairways are not that clean.  In the last few years, walls have been built, taken down, and rebuilt.  the same walls which is poor planning and the construction is disruptive and effects ventilation. Sorry to have such a negative report.
I hope the building can fix some of mentions problem special roaches and mices.
Our office space is far too small for the number of individuals in the office. Everyone does not have secure places to put personal belongings. The noise level is very distracting within the open office spaces. There are not enough working spaces for people to meet and converse (conference rooms). The lunch room is something out of an elementary school multipurpose room and can not accommodate even half of the office at the same time. The cleanliness of the space is less than desirable. Trash is taken out regularly but carpets are not vacuumed, floors in kitchen/break room and bathroom are not swept and mopped regularly. \\Our laboratory space is far too small and crowded to effectively get work completed in a timely manner. There is very little storage space available causing for samples to go missing or misplaced. The walking distance from the warehouse where samples from the field are stored and the laboratory where they are process is far and uneven surfaces and requires employees to go outside into the elements to retrieve them.\\Overall, our work space is not adequate for the amount of people in our office. We do not even have proper parking facilities for the amount of individuals in the office.
I STATED THAT I AM SOMEWHAT SATISFIED BECAUSE I FEEL THERE IS ALWAYS ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT.  OVER ALL EXTREMELY SATISFIED WITH GSA BUILDING SPACE
Security is unnecessarily tight.  As an employee I should be allowed to bring in a butter knife.  Also, I support not being allowed to bring in a gun, but there is no reason to have to remove shoes to go through screening.  Wanding the bottom of someone's feet is overkill.  The cleanliness of the interior is fine, but the the path to the smoker's designated space is carpeted with cigarette butts.  Perhaps some signs or more trash cans.  I may also be convinced to support summary execution for people who litter cigarette butts.
Temperature of office is extremely cold; have reported it and nothing done.  Some sit in offices with blankets.  Personal heaters permitted for some, not others.  Noise from other offices from simple conversations carries all over.  Gates to parking lot out of order regularly.  Security officer only there to watch front door -will not assist if issue in the building.  Security cameras out of order on regular basis.
Overall very satisfied, but old restrooms never seemed cleaned. (floors)  New bathrooms are very nice.
I am satisfied in having a window office, desk and small table to have conferences and see patients.
No partitions between work stations.
Since we change our work station every morning we have many computer issues each and every day when we start our day.
We need housekeeping to clean employee workspace and patient rooms!
Work space design is top level down. Whatever someone decides that's what employees have to settle with. Usually no input is ever asked from the staff. The first question alluded to something about work space designed to fit your needs or so, but no one ever asks.
roof leak still has not been corrected
We should have never been allowed to move back into this building with the amount of construction still occurring. From the construction happening in the garage, to the banging and rodent issues caused by construction. There should have been consideration completed for people being exposed to chemicals a person would normally not be exposed to.
the office building that I am assigned to work in is owned by the Forest Service and not managed by GSA.
When I'm in the control room, it is an open space.  When I'm doing administration duties, I'm in a single person office.
In the Winter the parking area and entrances are dangerous and only maintained sparingly with salt. There have been many falls and near falls and many complaints over the years but the results are just short term and not continual. We are in northern Vermont and get lots of snow and ice. We should not have to complain in order to action. The area is not cleared/maintained ice free on a daily basis. It would be nice to have the areas cleared/salted/taken care of PRIOR to when we come in to work and not done/spread at the contractors convenience!
It would be nice to have individual enclosed cubicles to keep out the noise of other workers in the building, when the remodel happens. When everyone is in the office they are all talking loud over their partitions making it difficult to consecrate.
We do not have the space to properly tend to our patients the beds are hard the carpet worn and the space for cleaning equipment  is in the clean equipment area
Good morning, here is a question you didn't ask.  How long does it take to get someone to respond to a work order:  Way too long.  You have to inquire multiple times.
The bathrooms are absolutely DISGUSTING.  You should be ashamed and embarrassed by their condition.  They need to be cleaned more than 1x a day and cleaning needs to be more than just running a dirty mop over the floor.  Its bad enough that the toilets/urinals/sinks and paper towel fixtures barely work, but the FILTH is unacceptable.  Highway rest stops are cleaner.  How many surveys are you going to do before you actually address this?  The elevators are terrible too.  Condition is terrible and they are extremely slow.
The only area of our building that I'm not a big fan of is the amount of lighting. I know that we are a blind rehab center, but not all buildings are as brightly lit in the outside world as ours. The hallways are extremely bright, which can be good for some, but Veterans should also have the opportunity to practice using flashlights or alternative methods for mobility and room identification.
The employee entrance door is not secure, it doesn't shut close when the handicap option is used and we had an incident were a customer came in the office through the employee entrance due to door not closing properly.
Enclosed office space is clean and functional but is not conducive to holding even small group meetings.  Meeting space is difficult to find so overall makes it more difficult to work in a collaborative environment.  Cubicle space is too small for multiple persons to occupy but that is what we are doing by policy.
I get sunlight in the afternoon.  This warms me considerably especially during the summer.
The facility and office space is very well maintained and updated and supports our mission
not at this time
Workspaces are bland, uninspired, and don't reflect any interesting workspace innovations seen in the last 20 years.  They would be best described as bare minimum.\\Requests have been made for sidewalks to mitigate safety issues, but it is unknown if these requests went to the correct person/place, and if so, if they received any consideration.
Wonderful place to work.
Detention processing always gives me a neck ache.  The computers are too high, the chairs too low. The computers look like you can move them up and down but you can't.  This  causes everyone issues with their neck and back by the end of the day.
I would like to see the Flower Beds on the south side of the building cleaned up and cared for.  They are sinking into the ground. There are Five. Move them to the higher ground along the sidewalk so Veterans, employees and children can enjoy them. :)
If these comments are about the cleaning personnel, I have nothing but great comments for 2 of your employees that come into this office daily.  The first is a young man named Justin and the second is a young girl named Judy.  They go above and beyond to keep this office clean and well stocked.  They also have very good personalities and are an asset to your establishment.  It is unfortunate that I don't know their last names, but I speak to both of the every day and truly enjoy our brief but very pleasant conversations.  Thank you.
I have been stuck in the elevator here - VERY SCARY!!!\The restrooms are cleaned during office hours and make it hard when the other restrooms on the floor are closed for months at a time.
The Hoover Building is a dying monster.  It is dangerous and unhealthy.
Our office is too small and not functional in design. We currently do not have enough desks/work areas to seat all of the personnel assigned to the office. A larger and more functional site/facility is desperately needed. Additionally, there needs to be more privacy for office/cubical spaces. It is very difficult to have confidential conversations with anyone (phone or in person) in the current work environment. There needs to be more actual office space for investigators to prevent spillage of information to those who do not have a need to know.
Consistently too cold.  I understand a few personnel may prefer a frigid environment, but it's as hard to work in a cold environment as it is in a hot environment. I'm told some personnel telework just to get away from the uncomfortable office temp/space. Many in my office work standing up and the air vents blow directly on our heads.  My vent is less than four feet, diagonally, from my head. Provide a way to restrict the vent and/or divert the airflow to the hallways and/or restrooms to dry surfaces quicker and remove or dilute any odors. \The following may be more of a housekeeping function than "general environment": In the lobby of the Headquarters building, someone please dust N34. Our visitors and dignitaries may see this scotoma as a lack of attention to details.  Don't take it down. It's historically interesting and a work of art to those interested in aviation. It hasn't been dusted in over two years. Adjust the automatic paper towel dispensers in bathrooms to dispense, on the first try, more than 3" - 4" of paper towel, -- or replace them with pull down towel dispensers. Get rid of any blowers for hand drying that do nothing but stir up germ-laden air that's inhaled. Wash both entire surfaces of glass exit/entry doors; not just the area that can be easily reached while standing on the ground. Use water, detergent, a small mop and squeegee with easily removed 48" poles  to keep from standing on a ladder. Empty outdoor trash containers before they're overflowing.  Clean or repaint the fading, large, blue outdoor building numbers and offer maps to visitors or new students. I've had several, obviously late (unaccompanied!) visitors ask me where a building is.
Elevators are slow, and sometimes aren't working.
Walls are disgusting.  Light in closet needs to be replaced.  Flies are a big nuisance.
I like working where I can help serve Veterans!
the air quality outside is not good due to a gravel mine operation next door (they don't operate all of the time).  When they are operating it rattles the windows and can be very loud outside and stinks.  But overall the office is fine.
I like working at this facility, just the ones making decisions do not come to this area for ideas from the staff here on what can be done to improve not only the work area but the over all patient experience......................
Please address people SMOKING close to the building (specifically the SE corner and West side of the building). Thanks!
We used to have an ice/water machine in the basement and it is no longer there. It's inconvenient to go to the cafeteria and it's not always open.  If we can no longer have one of those, maybe it would be more feasible to change the water fountains to newer ones that you can fill up water bottles
re the building security:\--- Varick street side the large stone barriers are missing from north end of the sidewalk, not sure why, but a vehicle can inside the barricades there and go right up to the varick side entrance; is it supposed to be that way? \--- other security problem is sometimes there are large numbers of people waiting on line outside the building on the Hudson Street side of the building, which seems unsafe to those people and to fed workers who work in the building. \--- plants in planter boxes on the sidewalk are not always watered and sometimes die when the sidewalk canopy blocks the rain;
My staff was relocated to another building about 5 years ago.  One staff member could not physically do the walk from the new location to the main hospital, which is the location of our primary work. An office was found in the basement close to elevators and the Services we provide support. \Our analytical equipment had to remain in the main hospital to maintain calibrations. It was located near to our staff member in the basement.    Then I was moved  back to the hospital basement to use our equipment storeroom as a combination office.  \The split  locations, retirement of 75% of the staff, increased responsibilities from Central Office, our program imploded several years ago. It is on the mend but the one hired replacement is still at one end of the campus and I'm at the other. He makes multiple trips from one end of the medical center daily. \Decentralized spaces, downgrading job position classifications that prevent hiring staff with credentials that meet regulatory requirements, and lack of administrative/clerical staff have created the perfect storm for failure and potential  for  unsafe working conditions not being identified and corrected.
Building owner very slow and reluctant to fix things that are faulty or break - he often tries to blame employees for the malfunction.  There also is a persistent problem with homeless people in/around our building.  I also find it very questionable that we were required to pay for replacing very old, worn carpet and to repaint the interior of a building we've leased for close to 20 years.  The owner should be responsible to replacing the carpet when it's that old, especially given the huge annual lease fee we pay for this building.
This building is located in a very unsafe part of Atlanta with shootings, drugs and dead bodies.  We need to MOVE!
The only additional lighting is provided by an under mounted light below the overhead bin.  Due to the cubicle design, the light is partially blocked by the PC monitor.  The overall design of the office space restricts air flow and the air temperature is always below 70 degrees.  Most of us in the space wear heavy sweaters and winter weight clothing in the midst of summer.  No amount of complaining has resulted in a fix to the frigid work conditions.
My personal workstation is in an interior space so there is no natural light at all. The fluorescent lights are incredibly bright. I suffer from bad headaches with light sensitivity, so I wish I had the option to turn them down (or off and have a lamp) but we only have one light switch for our room.
use of a Vari-desk will help reduce the back and neck complaints I hear from fellow co-workers
This space does not have a conference room to hold meeting or meet with producers in private. This office does not have access to a water spigot making it extremely difficult to do our bio security measures for farm visits.
Mostly satisfied with the condition of my office space.  When the a/c is running, it vibrates the overhead light which causes a rattling noise.  That would be my only complaint.
When Processing detainees our space is limited our equipment is sometimes inadequate. We need a re-design of our comment work area that will assist to increase our work productivity and at the same time maintain A secure environment
My only issue with the building that I work in is the exit route in case of an emergency. If you are in the office area, you are able to go down the stairs and exit the building when you reach the ground floor - this is perfect. But, if you are in the restrooms/elevator area you go down the stairs to ground level but you are not able to exit the building. Instead you are routed through a maze of hallways all the way from tower 3 to tower 1 to exit. I believe that this could result in many of us stuck in a maze with no way out if filled with smoke or without power/lights.
Not enough rooms for counselors.  I work in the conference room when meetings are not taking place.
Everything is fine.  The building is very functional.  As we plan for the future and we crunch workspace down with new GSA plans is does not align with the values of many of our employees.  We are not big box workers.  Most people are happy with older dilapidated buildings that offer character- and space.
I haven't had any real issues working in a cubicle, most of the time, the office sounds don't distract me, the only complaint besides the lighting and the (vacuum) noise would be the lack of privacy that may be needed when making a personal phone call.  However, since many of us now telework part time, it isn't too difficult to find an empty office to make a call.  Additionally, it would be helpful if they could hold off on cleaning the women's bathroom until much later in the day or after hours. There are a lot of us who use the restroom just prior to leaving for the day and very often when I go to use the restroom, the women has the door propped open with the cleaning cart and she's in there cleaning the toilets and mopping the floor.  I think it would be more productive for her, too, if she waited because of the constant interruptions she gets by those of us who cannot wait until she is finished cleaning, to use the restroom.
The entire facility should be rebuilt from top to bottom.
Unit and nurses station have no safeguards in place, any form of threat can cause harm or death to patients and staff. The main doors of entry and stairway doors doesn't have a lock( stairway does lock with a  wander guard near by, however its unsafe if you cant get to a wander guard to place in front of the door when there's a threat in the building). Patients & Staff are open moving targets..
Building is extremely warm - Sometimes ladies bathroom feels like a sauna
Two person office that stays cold all year round, unable to control temp., hard to hear patients when both parties are on the phone
upgrading the urinals to a no flow system would save an immense amount of money and water
A certain percentage of my work would benefit from a quieter, more isolated space.  It would be nice to have some sort of library or reading lounge for when I have large amounts of reading to do.
2 people working in a small office, both on the phone frequently.
Workspace is too small for two people.
I would like a VARIDESK® Sit-Stand Solutions in my cubicle.
Would like wood laminate flooring instead of the carpet in my office. Someone comes to vacuum once every three months approximately and the carpet is disgusting.
RE: OUST  in Foley Federal Bldg., Las Vegas, NV workspace: The following is a detailed answer from a prior question: "poor ventilation and poor indoor air quality has been an issue for years (& noted on bldg. surveys to no avail); this has been exacerbated this year (& continues to be) by fumes from new furniture, carpet and paint from agency's remodel; appears GSA & agency are pointing fingers about who needs to resolve (or both hoping problem goes away on its own or employees stop complaining); this problem has caused and is causing health problems for employees; the building air is recirculated esp. during summer months (i.e., with less outside "fresh air"); unlikely that the filter system can remove formaldehyde and other chemical emission levels from the new furniture, etc.; seems that GSA has duty to all tenants to make sure that building air does not make employees sick; GSA should make sure that the tenant quickly rectifies the problem so that both the tenant's employees and the other employees in the building who also share the air are not harmed by the tenant agency's actions (e.g., the problems created by the remodel). "\This is a serious health issue that needs to be immediately resolved. It has been going on for over 2 months (as of 7.18.18) with Band-Aid/temporary actions which do not address the long term problem. It appears that the new furniture is at least one of the sources of the chemical fumes. Visible residue and stains have been observed on some of the furniture. The repeated and continuous exposure to the chemical fumes has both short-term and long term impacts, including but not limited to damage to lungs and nervous system.
I answered most questions "Somewhat Satisfied" because I'm not extreme about anything.
The building is old and worn.  Within one week's time, employees are wearing winter coats to stay warm and then it gets way too hot (gets up to 85 degrees).  During the winter time, there is very little humidity in the air.  I believe many people have sinus and sickness issues due to the low humidity conditions.
I do not believe Building employees that have had background checks done and have security clearance should have to stand in line to get into the building to go thru security. Personally, I have access when the building is closed, so it does not make sense to go thru security when it's open.
Ants and cockroaches are seen occasionally on floors and working places and even in patients rooms. The bathroom fittings are not of up to the standard. It takes long time to get an equipment fitted in the room get damaged.
The room is too small for the number of technicians working in the space. We are unable to do our job to the best of our ability due to space restrictions. Workers often share equipment and must wait until the equipment is unoccupied to finish their work. Containment of samples is also inadequate due to mixing of 'clean' and 'dirty' tasks in the single, small, packed space that the 3-4 technicians share.
Configuration of office furniture prevents visitors from sitting comfortably.  Noise levels from adjacent single-person offices and work cubes can be disruptive. Insufficient amount of outlets limits ability to reconfigure workspace and upper cabinet units are too low for taller workers to set up monitors underneath the upper cabinets.
It seems as if it is either sweltering hot or freezing cold in my office.
The cost of parking downtown has become so expensive.  All employees deserve to be able to park for free when going to work, not charged any where from 10 to 25 dollars per day just to come in to work.  There is no efficient public transportation and no where to park.  How will Nashville continue to grow if no one can work downtown because we cannot park downtown?
I am not sure why this survey is being conducted but I am aware of an office who converted all of their workstations to half partitions to which they can be seen by everyone.  The moral in that office is quite low and unpleasant.  I prefer that you pls allow all employees who sit in cubicles to have full partitions to which you cannot see in even with the employee standing.
Our Building managers Johnny Zuzic and Eric Firerstone are very accommodating and resolve issues very quickly.  Also, the mechanics are very accommodating and fast responding.
There seems to be no way to find a medium in the temperature; it is either too cold or too hot and the fact that one temperature gage controls the next three spaces doesn't work.  No two people are the same when it comes to how they like their room temperature to be.  There is still off-gassing in the building; we have been in the building since September, 2017 and still smell it.  It affects people's health; we have staff that are on medical telework, because of it.
Please change out our urinals...
not many outlets in here.
Bldg 105 is in fair to poor condition. There are active ceiling leaks. Water leaks cause mold spores to form. The leaks are not being remedied. All GSA does is change out the ceiling tiles that are stained/show only to have those be stained again. Mold harms/kills. The roof & or pipes must be fixed, air vents must be cleaned out. Black dust is blown from the air vents on the 2nd floor- what are we breathing?
GSA Facilities Leadership in the past year changed in the Office of Facilities Management.   Since that change the leadership has been non-existent, non-responsive, and lacking.  The previous OFM Director managed his staff and created a very good relationship with tenants that is now lacking.
Overall, the status of the building is okay. My personal belief is there is no true cleaning going.  There is only one lady to clean the restrooms and the pantries for 3 levels - she does the best she can do by herself.  However, the night crew unacceptable - minimum vacuuming - no dusting (I have to dust to try and keep my allergies under control) - when I leave work my eyes are burning and red and my allergies are out of control. Things must change - the office use to be bright and Cherrie - now based on the lightening throughout the facility varies.  The temperature is inconsistent - these conditions are not conducive for working.
Nice building, but the G-2 level should be much more heavily secured - anyone can (and DOES) walk through there, literally under the building, all day long, often wearing outfits that make them entirely unrecognizable.  We need to worry les about offending people, and make the employees here feel more secure.  I am by no means the only one here that feels this way.
It would be nice to have a water machine in the break room.  It would enable all tenants to fill reusable water bottles instead of buying/using bottled water.  The Peterson Group has water machines on every floor of their Dulles Discovery buildings.\\The survey seems to have removed my building options: I am at the FBI's Northern Virginia Resident Agency located at 9325 Discovery Boulevard, Manassas, VA.
General dissatisfaction of the state of old furniture, partitions and carpets.
There are areas that should have been improved, e.g. air conditioning and ventilation (especially for a building claimed to be "green" !); facilities in the bathroom ought to be modernized and functional; placement and types of garbage bins (buckets) being used should consider hygienic factor (why leave the hugh garbage bucket open!); why the broken steps on the stairways to garage and some inside the building have never been fixed? Unfortunately, while one could notify the IC Administrative Office for facility problems, many issues, e.g. lack of proper temperature control to adjust to outside environment, leaky garage, could not be fixed or improved due to the current design in the building.
Nice office to work in. Clean and quiet.
Floors are never vacuumed -- I can dust off my own surfaces, but I cannot bring in a vacuum.  Cube assignment criteria are out-of-date and do not allocate space on current work needs causing some cubes to sit empty for months and years at a time while workers are forced to share cubes simply due to out of date line-of-business data.
All is excellent!
Cubicles are older with darker colors without a lot of natural light. Feels closed in.
Mold staining around air vents, allergies, congestion in many epmployees
Very poor carpet condition throughout the floor.\\Non-functional conference room communication equipment. Not sure who owns and maintains the equipment.
The building needs upgraded or new HVAC for all floors. Bathrooms need to be renovated. common areas need to be painted and renovated. PDD team in Atlanta has many projects going on at Hiram Ward that are poorly managed.
GSA does not care about providing us a good environment, they only care about following their own policies. We have lost employees and candidates over our work environment. Many of the little "common" spaces are never used. After the remodel, there needed to be an assessment of lessons learned and what works which was never done.  We've been given a semi-functional environment and told "best wishes".
Last year work was done on the parking lot. It was dragged out beyond reason and obviously it was done incorrectly. When seams need to be sealed, presumably with a silicone-based sealant, you cannot divide the work up. Gel sealant must be laid in a continuous stream or it is ineffective, i.e leaks at breaks in the sealant. Now the whole project needs redoing at a high inconvenience and cost to the government.
We are in a trailer, it's clean just dingy and tired. The furniture put in here is too big for the room.  The chairs are mismatched in the offices, the toilets clog up and threaten to overflow ( I hold #2 til I get home or go to the main building).  There is mold in the heating and air system. They come to clean it ...when it is visible, I still have a cough I did not have before moving in here.
It is a cubical. I have added an adjustable desk top so I can stand and work.
Cleanliness is an issue.  EMS is frequently short staffed.  Areas like stairwells not cleaned often enough.
Not enough storage space. I have had to store much work under my desk for extended periods of time. We used to have cabinets that could hold the files in a neat manner allowing for less physical bending and lifting buckets every month for a desk audit. The higher partitions and the cabinets also reduced the disruptive noises.
An enclosed single-person office would enhance productivity.
TSA Admin offices are always cold, less than 70, while the screening checkpoint is very warm, over 75. The cleaning services are terrible, the contracted cleaning service spends approx. 10 minutes a day only picking up trash in the office areas and slop dirty water on the restroom floors. They were asked to start vacuuming weekly but come up with excuses on how short staffed they are all the time. The TSA break room areas has had an on going problem with mice and rats. They have traps set up everywhere. It smells and not fit for Officers to take breaks in.
Temperatures are cool, but, not too uncomfortable to me.  Very uncomfortable to many co-workers.  Some of the meeting rooms are extremely cool and uncomfortable, even to me.  Noise is an issue when on a telecom in my cubicle and my co-workers suddenly begin conversing loudly around me.
Overall air quality is terrible.  It is worst in the morning.  Facilities needs to make better use of installed equipment to improve air quality.
There is not an office for our supervisors, which they then have to have access to the managers office.  They also need a private space to work on their officers TOPS, or disciplinary paperwork without having to consistently be looking to see if someone is reading over their shoulder.
Reducing workstation partition heights would provide a significant benefit to improving access to daylight, collaboration and communication with coworkers. High partitions DO NOT create acoustic privacy, and high partitions in an open-office feel much more like corrals than cultivating workspaces.
Soap dispenser are often out of soap in the first floor rest rooms (in the lobby and hall restrooms).  At times the water will not flow or barely flows from some of the sinks in the men's first floor lobby restroom.\\The concrete sidewalks leading to the building from the parking lot have large eroded joints that are a  safety hazard for pedestrians and folks in wheel chairs and ...basically everyone.  \\In the north garden area, the transition from the concrete sidewalk to the gravel paths has a 1 to 3 inch drop that is safety hazard and not ADA compliant.\\The first floor meeting rooms have holes in the floor utility boxes due to missing covers, chair legs can and have gone through these openings causing individuals to fall as the chair tips over.
It's difficult for people in the office to schedule meetings because we have one big conference room and a smaller one. An additional smaller conference room would be nice.
Overall our facilities team and security officers perform exceptional.
The cleaning crew is extremely noisy when cleaning the bathrooms and the floor in general.  Either they are loud talking to each other (about non-work related issues) or they are on their personal cell phones having personal calls.  This occurs when I am also trying to have work-related calls, so at times it's hard to hear.  Also, the bathrooms are rarely clean despite having multiple people clean them.
Some workplaces are more open then others. mine happens to have more closure than most people
12 people sharing 6 computers, no private area to make calls to families, no private area to meet with families.
In this day and time, additional security such as screening devices upon entry would be a welcome addition to our facilities.
Regarding workplace concerns, I wanted to mention a few areas that truly need to be addressed.\\* The exhaust odor in courtroom #3 (and sometimes in the general office) is unbearable when the   \   fans on the roof are running.  \* The odor in our copy room has a horrible musty and moldy smell.  \* The goose feces outside of our front door and all over the walkway into the courtroom entrance \   is excessive. I can only imagine how that appears to our visitors.  \* The air quality in our office is extremely poor, as I personally become congested within 30 minutes \   of entering the building. Other employees sneeze all day, become dizzy and feel ill on occasion.\* The cleaning of our office is performed by prison inmates and they do as little as possible.  The \   cleaning crew rotates every 2 to 4 weeks and the training is not consistent.  We often end up \   cleaning our own work area and courtrooms.  \*  We would benefit from having a regular pest control person treat the office for ants.
Temperature is too warm in the space \The workstations block access to the electrical outlets and there have been safety findings related to plugging in all of the electrical connections related to the computer.
There is no privacy for holding face to face audits.
This building could use some AC during the hot summer months.  The only relief I have is a 8" diameter opening in the ceiling which I have no control over.  The thermostat is located in a different office in which access is restricted to those who work in that particular office.  Outside the offices in the general living space and common areas, air conditioning would make a world of difference.
I've had a maintenance request in for over two years (repairing wall damage) and have repeated the concern multiple times.  No results.  I keep getting assured that it will be taken care of.  Another request was in for 8 months (installing a power outlet) before it was taken care of.
The office space is disgusting.  There is no air supply to my office, regardless of the season.  I frequently have headaches because of this.  Today I have a headache and my eyes are burning.  I am extremely irritable.  Our office calls facilities to complain on a daily basis.  However, nothing what so ever is done.  There is a persistent smell of sewage in the hallway and in the bathrooms.  Sometimes it is so bad that I gag. I worked overseas in developing countries for 15 years.   I never had to work in as horrible conditions as this.
Our workspace is open concept.  The ergonomic chairs and desks are great as it allows personal adjustment and ability to chose if you sit or stand.  However, with the open concept layout noise travels to each corner of the office so not only do you hear everything, it also makes it difficult when we are speaking to customers on the phone.  The layout of the division spaces in the office create a lot of foot traffic right beside out open work space which limits privacy and creates another distraction.  I personally have a loud voice and also get distracted easily, so it can be difficult to focus at work.
The emergency room would benefit extremely from a tube system that includes the lab and pharmacy.  The institution of this system would increase productivity and ultimately allow for improved veteran care.
The cubicles are extremely dusty. The temperatures of the work area is extremely cold year around.
People continue to get sick and we were told the air quality is fine. Nothing to be concerned about. And yet, they found Asbestos in our walls during renovations.  The AC never works properly, even after the all the work that was done.  And the toilets don't flush all the time. Not to mention it feels like my butt is cooking every time I sit because they are using hot water to run through the plumbing.  When something is said about any of this, we are told its not there problem.  Not too mention the homeless problem we have and the parking problem we have in this building.  The homeless bother everyone.  And the parking is expensive. For free parking we take the chance we will be mugged or stabbed because it four blocks away. This building should have a parking garage for all people that work here.
we need bigger space and at the very least decent workspace furniture!!!
It is an open area with no privacy from patients seeing others' information.  Drab and old furniture with no warmth or care.  Need some protection (i.e., walls, new décor, renovating) so it can be pleasing and comfortable for the patients as well as the employees.  No protection from agitated patients.
My cube is by a main walk way, it is distracting with the walking traffic.
There is no security in this building. That fact makes me extremely uncomfortable. Since our street address is listed on all of our correspondence, it would be incredibly easy for a disgruntled applicant to show up here and demand information about their case - or worse. This whole situation is really, really problematic and access to the building should be controlled.
The current set-up (single enclosed offices) is optimal for both personal satisfaction AND productivity. The proposed re-design for our new space is "open floor with no partitions", which will be disastrous to morale, productivity, and overall employee retention. To whomever may be reading this, PLEASE pass along my concerns about moving to an "open-space" plan, which most of the office flow and design community has largely identified as a mistake for almost all organizations (private and public).
GSA headquarters is an old tired building and only about 1/2 of it is in good condition. Needs a lot of work to bring remainder up to an acceptable level. Old bathrooms and kitchen areas are pretty bad, seating throughout building is terribly uncomfortable, and temperature control is terrible throughout the building. Roaches are commonly spotting wandering about.
Needs stair railing from the second to the first floors.  Trash pick-up should be scheduled later in the day.
The building is too cold and I've been saying that for 8 years on this survey!  I also saw a mouse in the cafeteria so I wasn't too pleased about that, but that's my only complaint about the common spaces.
We have asked repeatedly for this building to be thoroughly investigated for mold and other air quality issues. The facility claims that there is nothing actionable, so nothing is done. The ventilation system has been replaced and mold has been found in various areas. This has also been claimed to be remediated, but we still have air quality and mold problems.
The building's infrastructure is in dire need of renovations.  The tenants are putting large amounts of their tax payer dollars into interior renovations.  GSA is not stepping up to the plate and fixing the issues in this building.  Per the Building Evaluation Report the Hiram Ward Federal Building has the following issues: Plaza, garage concrete stress fractures and rain water damage.  Out of date lighting and energy efficiencies.  HVAC system: AHUs, controls, boiler, and etc. all need replacement - it is a dirty and unreliable and inconsistent system that is way beyond it's useful life.  All fire & life safety systems (specifically the fire sprinkler and alarm systems) are beyond their useful life and the risk of failure is high.  The railings in the stairwells need replacement.  The electrical branch wiring system, main panel boards and  breakers are outdated.  This building has not been properly maintained throughout it's life.
Unhappy that elevator doors take too long to close and elevators do not use pre-door-open to speed travel.  Unhappy that travel via stairs between 1st and 2nd floors is not allowed, even though it is required in GSA Guidelines.  Restrooms are closed too often during the day -- there should be a schedule as to when they are closed for cleaning.  Even so, there is often many soap dispensers that are empty.  Faucets often do not flow.
This is my second survey.  I am not sure why I am receiving this again.  We continue to have problems in this building to include noises on the roof, doors being propped open in the front of the building, the same carpet has been in the building since I have been here the past seven years.  In April, we were told the air conditioner was turned on fan for months in my work area which is the potential cause for mold found on the furniture.  The unit is still being manipulated and the employees were advised to check the thermostats to see if there had been any changes if they feel the temperature is not adequate, but we were also told that the thermostats would only be controlled by the building owners.  An air quality test was done by my supervisor who then called GSA nearly 10 days later to pick up the Tedlar bags for the test.  Not sure what procedures are for that, but I do not believe my supervisor is qualified to conduct an air quality test for the building.
Since there is not a box to elaborate on overall dissatisfaction, I will use this one.\The HVAC is not run during operational hours we have which leads to temps being too hot or too cold.  The windows have drafts leading to the same issues.  Non-operational hours do not have HVAC temp thresholds either.  Temps have risen to 90+degrees and HVAC system has sweating that leads to mold growth.  This issue has been present for almost a year.
Restrooms in particular are sorely lacking in CONSISTENT cleaning.  Soap dispensers are not refilled in timely manner.  Gym is extremely hot and the added fans make it a loud environment.  The cleaning wipes in the gym are not replaced frequently enough and are often out.  Lots of dust in the gym.  Pool area still has clutter after construction project months ago
Please do not allow the desire of one person to redesign our office for their own personal satisfaction when the majority likes it the way it is. Thanks.
The park tries to keep up buildings and grounds but lack of people for the carpenters and painters. We have a janitor that spends the bulk of his day empting trash cans. I think folks in the offices could do that and free up his time to shampoo carpets and clean the building . Also we have a few folks that smoke outside the building but a lot of my work takes place just outside the building and would just as soon not breathe the smoke but maybe I am being to picky .
Main State is an old building and the renovations are proceeding very slowly.
This building location is the worst place to put a government building. We are faced with traffic from baseball games, and once the soccer stadium opens it will be even more traffic. I wish we could have stayed on K street NW.
The women's restrooms need cleaning more often. Many times there is feces, urine and blood on toilet seats. People don't flush or stand to urinate. It's not the cleaning crew it is the people that use the restrooms are nasty. Soap is usually empty once a week and usually some stalls run out of toilet paper. The floor is not always swept and mopped by the cleaning crew.\\The air quality is just the design of the room that I am in. It is an enclosed room with 40 work stations. There is a lot of paper returns that flow through this area so it isn't the best especially in the corner area.
The ventilation is bad. When the ventilation system comes on, I start coughing. The lighting in my area exists but either someone turns them off or the "light tubes" are removed. I had to move to a cubicle near the skylight to get adequate lighting. This is ridiculous. Otherwise, the building is fine.
We are being told we are all moving to the open environment with low walls.  This will allow noise to effect the quality of work and interfere with calls and concentration.  People are already in everyone else's business and the open area will only enhance that type of behavior.
As a manger I can't hold a sensitive conversation with an employee without others outside my office hearing what is being said. Because I am in a cubicle I have a sliding door rather than1 that I can lock if needed. the building maintenance people do an excellent job of keeping everything clean. The break room on my floor (4th) has electrical problems causing the coke machine to shut off. I don't drink any soda, but people are constantly complaining about it being undrinkable, and several times cans have exploded in the machine and leaked all over the floor. The water pressure in the bathrooms on my floor is way too low and water sprays all over around he sink.
The stairwells are extremely hot in the summer and very cold in the winter.  The open workspace environment does not work and only benefits the agency, not the employees who are trying to get work done in a noisy and disruptive environment.
I believe that it is unfair that we cannot bring in our own furniture when we have issues with our back.  I cannot get a sit stand desk because I don't have a disability and the reason I have it is to prevent from getting a disability. I cannot bring in my own desk because we are suppose to have the same furniture.  Also, my chair is broken I have requested a new one because I have fixed the wheels multiple times.  I am not asking for a specialized chair just a chair that works.  They denied my request for a new chair.
The main problem with this airport is the inconsistency of the temperature.  I understand part of the building is older then the rest so we get different temperatures in different areas.  The checkpoint seems to be either hot in the summer or cold in the winter.
They are fine they way they are now.  No changes needed.
Hotel work spaces should be restricted on floors that handle PII information.
What country??? Gee, if GSA doesn't know that Puerto Rico is NOT a country and IS part of the United States - we have a bigger problems than answering questions about workspaces and buildings.
A good portion of my personal workspace is taken up with boxes of files due to lack of adequate space for filing. More boxes of files stacked on top of filing cabinets. New space restrictions would make that problem worse. Agency is unapologetically anti-telework and anti-electronic filing.
The roof was not fixed before the remodel was done and now that we have all moved back in to our workspace we still have these ceiling catheters that hang from the ceiling tiles to catch the water when it rains.  And they run into our garbage cans.  So when I complain about the air quality I think, there could be a possibility of mold.  I'm no expert on that, but I do know from years of asthma that something is in the air that cause problems for me to breath correctly when I am here at work.
space hasn't been renovated since 1998.  Many other offices at HUD have much better space.  Why have we been left behind when we have such important work?  Now a renovation is scheduled, but we have been fighting with the facilities management and design staff about having enough private office space. We have been told new space is being designed to GSA standards and is very open.  Overall, we have been treated very poorly in all of this.
the noise level is extremely high, and most times employees are not discussing business.\WAHs spend approximately 30-1 hour each time we come into the office, getting our computers connected to the internet/trouble shooting computer connections.
When I complete the survey, the agency/building location does not appear.  I was able to enter it in the beginning, but when my responses were shown at the end of the survey, the agency/building information was missing and I am unable to input the information.  I am in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission building at 100 F St NE, Washington, DC.
My tile floor is never cleaned, swept or mopped. The rolling office chair I have has been tearing up the tile floor. I have asked for a chair mat for about 6 months now and after many attempts, I still do not have one. My office is a patient care area and the only thing housekeeping does is empty the trash. My observation shows there is no supervision in housekeeping and workers are NOT HELD ACCOUNTABLE for their jobs. The issue has been going on in this facility for many years.
This building is old and needs to be renovated.  The hallway flooring is chipped, walls need to be painted.  There always seems to be an office temperature issue whether some people are too cold or others are too hot.  The building infrastructure is simply outdated and unable to regulate temperature.  It is also not helpful that air conditioning is turned down too low over weekends, making for uncomfortable Monday mornings.  Meeting space for large group meetings is not available and books up too easily.  This building is stuck in the past and is not efficient or as effective as it should be.
We contact the lessor directly otherwise we experience significantly longer delays in repairs and by going direct we are able to articulate our needs to the lessor.  Otherwise, GSA articulates their needs and not our needs resulting in a disconnect.  They do not represent us in these matters
Federal Police or Security should attend to matters that concern safety for all and not be personal hands to the NTEU; or provide NTEU upper leaders with special permissions such as not search their belongings like any other employee and allow them to pass. Also NTEU is using these forces to benefit their personal vendettas against employees by keeping tabs on employees that are honestly opposed to NTEU; this lends to an uncomfortable situation while everyone is allowing the law to conduct accordingly NTEU and some Managers seem to accommodate themselves to this service taking the law into their own hands.
Open area, no way to shut down noise and constant banging from industrial machine in adjacent work space.
Cubicles simply are NOT functional workspaces when you're trying to concentrate and do programming and writing.  Also, conference calls and webinars are an important part of my job and this is difficult to do in the cubicle/call room setting.  It wastes time and creates many unprofessional situations.
We have a great area the issue is that our department is just growing to fast and there is no room for the growth.
Supervisor's office is on 3rd level, with stairs to access.  Crew office, break room and rest room  are on 1st floor.  Need I say more?
A few weeks back someone broke into a car and was told that only a few selected surveillance cameras worked.  My concern is that what else isn't working that will affect the safety and well being of others?  Also, there is "no" motorcycle parking near the 1011 building.  While I do see one at the 1001 building many of the motorcycle owners are next door and parking at the designated area is just not feasible.
My chair is uncomfortable.
I have been stuck in the same elevator twice within the past 6 weeks or so.  The first time was very frightening and it took about 15 minutes to get out after someone manually moved the elevator to a floor and pried the doors open.  The second time I was just mad--because of the elevator issue, I was late to a meeting, and it was a very hot day with no A/C in the elevator so it got hot in there very quickly.  Coincidentally, this morning, a co-worker told me he had been stuck in that same elevator for 45 minutes recently.  This is really unacceptable.
Not enough office space - feels very crowded, especially with more than one Veteran in my office.
The workspace doesn't allow me to move monitors easily or stand when working.
The interior rugs in the elevators need to be replaced like the rugs on the 13th floor.  The 13th floor is directly below a floor that underwent major construction last year and the residual effects of that work can still be seen.  For example, the wall paper in the hallways on the 13th floor are stained and look horrific.  \The bathroom interiors need a major overhaul after 30 plus years of having the same fixtures, stalls, floor tiles, and wall paper.  I have complained about the men's room on the 13th Floor in the past.  Now the handicap sink in the ladies' room is covered with plastic and has been that way for months.  While they may have fixed the plumbing issue in the men's room, the ladies' room sink remains to be fixed.  The flooring in both bathrooms has been the same floor tile for over 30 years with an awful looking grout that CANNOT be cleaned with any solution.  This probably contributes to the odor of urine in both bathrooms which they try to conceal with air fresheners and odorizers, but this doesn't resolve the underlying issue.   When will there be some attention to the bathroom particularly on the 13th floor.  \With respect to the hallway on the 13th floor, the rug on this floor has been soaked twice in the same area by the water from the malfunctioning water fountain.  When you walk off the elevator into the hallway, there is a HUGE water stain.  There is also an open hole in the wall above the water fountain, not sure how it got there.  A fan was set up to dry rug after each water break, but this is not the proper approach for resolving the mold that lies beneath the rug.  They need to replace the rug on the 13th floor and not wait for the mold the grow/spread.  I say "mold" because the air in the hallway on the 13th floor does smell like there is mold/mildew in the area.  \The lighting in the hallway should NOT be a on timer during business hours for the building.  This is a public building and when members of the public come to our floor they can't see down the hall or read the directory.  The labels on the directory signage on the 13th floor are sliding behind the glass panel making it difficult to determine which agency is in which suite/room.\The stairwells have extremely poor lighting as well and can be very dangerous during an evacuation.  The ventilation in the stairwells is also very bad.  The handrails in the stairwells also have peeling paint which very uncomfortable to the touch.  If you rub your hand on the handrails you run the risk of getting a paint splinter in your hand.
no natural light, thin walls, bad ventilation, it's a pain to get anywhere in the building, the elevators are unreliable, and all of the staircases are hidden. You should take out a bank of elevators and put in an open concept staircase, it would be more useful and reliable. It would also encourage walking and healthfulness.
The exterior and interior of the building needs painted.  I have been here over ten years and the facility has never been painted.
Our team has been displaced due to a flood in 2015 yes that is 3 plus years. We are working in a dirty noisy space. The facility continues to reassure that we shall have a new space soon but we have yet to see construction begin. The new entrance ways are complicated to use and seem to have issue since installation. The doors are regularly out of order and they cause the hall to be freezing cold or really hot due to the outside air coming in. the child care (Man trap) looks like spotty craftsmanship and is not operable for the users. frequently parents are forced to wait outside in the freezing cold wind to search nonemployee parents and allow them into the facility. Place a guard at the childcare rear door for employees of the FHFB
I am in a traditional workstation which is more conducive to productivity.  There are less distractions because it is not an open area and it is quieter as the cube walls absorb sound. My work station also allows me to accommodate someone sitting in my cube for impromptu meetings which I do as a Team Lead.  I have 2 monitors which also fosters productivity. It would be ideal if workstations were equipped with standing desks that can be raised and lowered as needed and a task lamp as I am in an area without much natural light.  Also, I have been in the government for 29 years and this is the cleanest building, especially the restrooms, that I have ever worked in.  The cleaning staff here is fantastic. Additionally, we need some small team meeting areas.  There are few conference rooms that are difficult to book and sometimes you need a space for 3-5 people.
I think it is ridiculous that we are not allowed to be in the building past 7 PM or at all on weekends, working in an understaffed facility we have to be here past regular hours
The guards are not in good physical shape. I worry how they would perform during a security event that required them to run, jump, or otherwise be physical.
The building is clean and comfortable.  I have a window office, which provides excellent lighting.
Lack of facility maintenance in bike parking areas; paper towel dispensers are always empty (months at a time) and the trash is always full.  Also the building is freezing, I'm always bringing winter clothes to make it through the day.
We have a very small office room for 8 people.  Also, we consistently have issues obtaining meeting rooms around the building.  They are always booked.  There are no additional spaces in this building.
My level of satisfaction with the exterior is not at extremely satisfied because I am a nonsmoker and I have to walk in front of and beside the smoking area to enter or leave the building.  The exposure to second hand smoke is unhealthy and all employees are being exposed to it on a daily basis.
In the department that I specialize in the other providers offices or work stations are on a different floor, making utilization of resources inefficient use of my time and theirs looking for each other.
The building has done a lot to redo the common areas and provide different services. My only issue is that the furniture in my office is outdated, broken and needs to be replaced.
I work on the 3rd floor of the West High Rise and am overall pleased with the facilities.  However, I know that the ground level has a mouse infestation which is really awful for the people who work down there.  I have seen a few mice on my floor and building maintenance has been very helpful to set traps and address them.  But I am very concerned for the ground floor staff who have to work in mice-infected areas with mice droppings and knowing the mice climb all over their workstations (they probably do up here, too, but it's not as evident).  Please try to do something to fix this situation.
For the type of work that my co-workers and I perform the cubicle layout and low walls does not provide any privacy for sensitive conversations or material on my computer screens.
The cubicle space is adequate, however the noise level from across the office space and the adjacent conference rooms isn't conducive to the research, thinking, analytical, and policy writing work for which I am responsible.
Very pleased that my office space allows me to hold meetings with up to 4 of my staff and has good privacy when working on sensitive matters.
Some of the restrooms were recently re-opened after being closed for about two years for repairs. The only thing I can see that was updated/repaired was the toilet paper and toilet seat cover holder, the individual trash cans were replaced and the stall walls were either replaced or painted. The old toilets (toilets make noise after flushing) and sinks were not replaced, there is no hot water coming from the faucets. The full length mirrors that were in the restrooms were removed (this is a much needed necessity for women) and the coat hooks were removed from the wall near the sinks. Whatever update/repair that was done to the restrooms are completely dissatisfying.
Floors maintained 1-2 times a years. Trash emptied inconsistently
This was another year heading in the wrong direction.  Important projects have been delayed within the FY or postponed further out into the future.  We've had an increasing number of relatively routine problems that we've had to elevate to one of the supervisory building managers, for no reason other than there is no GSA presence onsite.  Telework is great.  But if your one and only job is to manage a building and be available to address tenant issues, extended telework schedules completely defeat the purpose.  Save the taxpayer a few bucks, and get rid of the fiction that GSA is maintaining an onsite presence to oversee the O&M contractors, interact with tenant agencies, etc.
My biggest concern is the un-even temps throughout the building, specifically in the "telework" area. This room gets very hot and humid in the summer months. Furthermore, the airflow in this room is horrible, which makes it rather uncomfortable to work in.
I am usually the one person that inputs tickets for problems in the Gateway Center East building.  I worry for me and my employees getting sick from breathing unclean dirty air and unsanitary conditions in the common areas such as the canteens and bathrooms.  I have concerns about the smokers in our building:  1. smoking in non-smoking areas, 2. flipping their ashes on the ground, then employees tracking that into the building at the entrances, on elevators, and then into the work areas with carpeting.  It is irritating to have someone that just smoked and rushing back into the building in the elevator reeking of smoke.  Also, I have observed cigarette butts in the parking garage, at entrances on the ground, and sometimes actually on the floor in the buildings.  I think if the issues with the smoking were REALLY addressed that a lot of our unclean, unhealthy problems would be alleviated tremendously.
it would be nice to have a half door for the lab.  The main reason is security, HIPA pt tend to just walk in.  and the drawn area the lights could be brighter.  The ants are always coming in from the outside unless it rain then the worms and snakes do.   There is no cover area for the pt or workers to go outside if it is raining and the like a place to chil read a book or have lunch unless you are by the main door.
Our office is pretty disgusting. There are always sticky traps all around our building and they are covered in cockroaches. We have homeless people sleeping in the bushes by our front door. We have had human feces placed on our door and door handle. Our landlord sent someone over who simply hosed it off which then sent it under the door into our carpets. We had to go buy our own cleaning products to sanitize the area. We have no common areas in our building. Our lunch/break room is a closet with a  sink. Our vehicles are constantly vandalized and gas is siphoned on a regular basis. Our entryway is overgrown and you have to plow through the shrubs and plants to get to the front door. If you arrive or leave after dark you need a flashlight to see the outdoor lighting is so bad. Its a pretty poor set-up overall and feels and looks very unprofessional.
When I was shown the design of my office and asked how I would like it set up, I marked where I would like my desk.  Upon moving to the office, my desk was on the opposite side.  I had the desk moved to where I wanted it, but the drawers meet at the corner and very awkward.  \\Restroom on our floor has been in need of repairs various times since we moved and one toilet does not flush properly.\\There are five elevators and only four work - very slowly.  Indicator for elevator does not indicate where it is going up or down.
The staff need more space as they contact business with PII and constant flow of customers inquiring about PII.  The partitions are nestled too close  and should have a walking space between them
The office space allows me to get all of my report/work plans done and allows me to keep from getting distracted form my coworkers. Without the single person office it is easy to get caught up in conversation in setting such as cubicles or shared offices. My biggest complaint right now is the HVAC system. My office is extremely humid compared to other parts of the building. The location outside of the Detroit city limits makes it easy to commute to worksites surrounding the Metro Detroit area and allows me to avoid much of the traffic.
The facilities personnel that represent the Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence appear to be doing all that they can to mitigate or fix facilities issues in my work area. I feel confident that they are representing our problems to the building level facilities personnel. The root of most facilities problems seem to stem from the age of the building's infrastructure and its inability to adapt to current user needs.
bathrooms need updated to provide hands free.  the walls in the bathroom are dusty and duty from top to bottom.  The lighting causes a glare on our computers.  The pod walls are so dusty and the file cabinets are very dusty.  Garbage tins are emptied put the same plastic bag is in all week unless you tie your bag at the end of the day.  This isn't good when people have colds.  It doesn't feel clean at our work stations at all.
Prefer the right mix of openness work space to foster work collaboration and multiple glass wall meeting rooms (3 -15 people) with pulled down shades for privacy.
The building does not have handicapped accessible entrance, i.e., there is no button to pus to open the door.
The landscaping between the garage and the building entrance is horrible.  The Front entrance has nice landscaping but the South entrance has horrible landscaping that looks like weeds.
The hoteling station  typically book is right below a spot in ceiling where there was some sort of water leak.  The tiles were removed but never replaced, the walls were never cleaned from what ever type of liquid leaked.  Im concerned because his may have been a hazmat issue and never properly cleaned up and all of us work in an enclosed area.
It would be really nice if the elavator times could be corrected. They are an hour off and have been since we sprang forward.
My personal space is adequate because I personally brought in furniture and curtains . The building has been scheduled for demolition for at least 9 years, meanwhile it has been neglected. I understand that you can't renovate a building that will be torn down.  Meanwhile some areas are never cleaned, and the level of cleaning is inadequate. Patient waiting areas are few and horrible with old mismatched furniture. In some areas patients are expected wait in chairs placed along the hallway.  \\.
My work station is open but all other employees are either in cubicles with partitions that you cannot see over even if you are standing and offices with closed doors.
I am extremely disastified with the number of electrical failures over the last 6 months
Our building just smells old and moldy. Our carpet is old and our bathroom is nasty and not that EMS is not doing their job with what they have. Our walls are buckling and paint is peeling. We are just in an old building and Engineering and everyone is trying to keep it up. But, due to the circumstance that we are suppose to be getting a new building know one wants to put money into our building. Our Veterans cannot even get a cafeteria or at least Starbucks with coffee and sandwiches and salads. We do not have a store so that our employees and Veterans can purchase items out of it. Even though they are always promoting the canteen VCS card.. We would just like to be treated like other VA's.
I am a psychiatric provider and see patients in an individual office.  I need to have a window in my office for the emotional comfort of both my clients and myself.  The ability to have natural light is important.  My office is a substandard space and I need to have a different space but none is available.  This is the worst part of my job.  My complaints are dismissed by the building managers.
I comment on this every single year and it has not been resolved.  The second hand smoke coming into the building is ridiculous.  If people want to smoke, that is their choice and should not be something that affect those of us that do not smoke.  The distance for smoking and the building entrance should be more than just the 25 feet established on the sign.  They should go to the other end of the parking lot away from the building entrance.
Our power and phone/internet goes out about monthly, too often comparatively speaking. It seems we should have back-up power (generator) if we are going to continue to stay in this building. It's not just a nuisance and inconvenience to the employees, but our stakeholders each time we have to notify them that our power/phone lines went out, the power/phone lines have came on, the power/phone lines have went out, and so on. Also, the groundkeepers mowing sometimes get a little too close to our vehicles, throwing up rocks and debris. Seems they could mow during non-peak hours, rather than at peak-time Monday mornings. Lastly, our new(er) neighbors to the south of us are a regulated party of TSA. I know it's hard to control who your neighbors are, but.... this can and will likely open a new can of worms down the road.
I am not sure but when people spill things this is not address immediately.  I am assuming because no one truly knows who to contact.  I am concerned as any liquids can cause mold.  The kitchens are also not being maintained and the water filtration is not clean on the exterior and makes me wonder if the filter has been changed.  Thank you for all you do.
very low privacy due to total absence of soundproof insulation between walls.
I am grateful for the dingy personal office. I loathe "open floor plans" and find cubicle farms to be a huge (bitter) joke on productivity. I will work anywhere, and I will work to the best of my ability in a cube farm; but they suck. Also, the National Cancer Institute is part of the National Institutes of Health, and is not a separate entity. Please fix that. Thanks.
As I am on a Call Center and on the phone for most of my job function, the noise from employees passing by is very disruptive. It would be nice if we were in an enclosed area such as the IT Support Help Desk Call Center is. This was the only noise would be from our fellow workers, instead of everyone else walking by or going to a main conference room on our floor that is just down the hall from some of us and directly in front of others.
The temperature is very inconsistent in the office.  During the winter months, the heat cannot be adjusted adequately, so it becomes very hot often times requiring use of the air conditioning units.  In the summer, the air condition unit can barely cool off the office and keep up with the warm temperature outside, which makes for a very humid office space.
I occasionally see guys working on the ceiling and the area is roped off for asbestos concerns but there is no way that is protective enough
US regulations and the GSA contracts require disclosure of the cleaning and other products used in the building -- there should be the standard labels etc available for the tenants to see.    Many of us with allergies etc are unable to go to the nurses office in the basement of the building because of the odors and vapors.  The carpet gets cleaned, those products stay in the carpet, and it's literally over a decade of accumulated chemicals cleaners and filth.  Ours seems to be one of the few buildings under contract which does not have those materials available.  The offices throughout are nearly as bad as the lower floors -- have had an office on 9 10 and 2
Blinds were reported as broken over 18 months ago and still not fixed. Repeated f/u has resulted in no further action.
My barracks, Upper Spencer in Camptonville is a pit with huge deferred maintenance issues and no budget to fix anything except emergency items.\My office at 15924 Hwy 49 in Camptonville is actually pretty good and although ugly, is clean and serviceable.
In some areas I don't believe the space was utilized well to accommodate the employees.
There are many issues with out building that seem to not get resolved.  There is an extremely long wait for "getting parts" to repair plumbing or replace filters in for the filtered water systems.  The automatic flush system in the women's bathroom (3rd floor) is unreliable, sometimes not flushing or flushing incompletely, other time flushing without need.  The automatic soap dispensers do not dispense the soap when needed, or dispense it randomly.  The water is difficult to turn on.  Building temperature is consistently too cold, wasting energy and creating an uncomfortable work environment.
I would prefer to have a window that you can see through.  I am in an office that was remodeled from a bathroom to office space. The window has privacy glass, hence you can't see through it.  Because we are in an older building, sometimes it gets really warm or cold in the winter months.   The controls for the temperature are in the room next door and I do not have a key for that room.  That can be challenging at times.
There is a vermin issue in the building.  The operability of elevators is inconsistent.  The heating/cooling system do not work consistently.  It is unclear why the heating/cooling system is shutdown over the weekend.  It seems that would not contribute to efficiency, as it takes some time for the systems to be effective on Mondays.  It also makes it very uncomfortable for those who may have to work in the weekends.
VA police are not competent in dealing with people. I have no confidence they would help appropriately when needed. Sometimes it's better to deal with the problem without the police.
This building was built over 30 years ago and was designed for 30 people. We have over 100  people in it. No training areas. No adequate break room. No pilot planning area. The commo/briefing room is too small for the shift brief. Our wall lockers and change room is a CONEX outside. We need to move buildings and start over with the correct amount of space.
Old building with asbestos, lead issues that have been abated.  Mold issues based on flooding.
Cleanliness of restrooms - Often, toilets are not being actually cleaned. There will be feces or urine spots on a lifted toilet seat (after cleaning crew has been in), which looks like the seat was just raised to give the appearance of being completely cleaned. Just because there are toilet seat covers doesn't mean that the toilet seats shouldn't be sanitized.\\Also, often, under the urinals, there is an area that needs to be mopped because of urine spatter. That should happen more often.
The desk in my office was not arranged to take advantage of the office space (and cannot be moved due to where plugs are on the wall - even though we built out the space and supposedly selected placement of all plugs, etc.). Further, the lack of cord organization on my desk is ridiculous. All anyone sees when they walk into my office (as well as in co-worker's offices) is the back of two computer monitors and a ridiculous number of cords that go everyone. There is no cord control, no channel on the back of the desk for cords to run, etc. With no cord control measures, desks should really be placed against a wall. Despite being in an office, I cannot meet with anyone in my office due to not being able to see anyone when seated at my desk. It could have been much better organized.
1.  Noticed that some ladies room have a privacy guard on the bathroom stall doors and other do not have them.  I recommend at all the ladies room have the privacy guard on the doors so you can’t see inside.\2.  Noticed that some kitchen pantries (different floors) has two refrigerators and others don’t.  Since we all are doubling up and sharing work spaces have one refrigerator per floor wing is not considered reasonable.  The refrigerators are jam packed with people’s lunches.\3.  Noticed that some of the conference rooms on the first floor have enormous size chairs around the conference tables.  The chairs backing is too tall.  It’s difficult to have a meeting when people who are seated in the back rows cannot engage in the conversation because you can’t see the people seated around the table.  We try to avoid having big meeting in those conference rooms with that tall back chairs.\4. The window washers missed my exterior window office last week. (Room 5420 in Building 22)
More privacy for interviews with the public would be good. Often I have to talk loudly so the customer can hear me over the noise in the lobby. An option to have an adjustable pull out key board trey would be desirable.
I have commented on the same issues for over 5 years. Hopefully, something will be done about poor air quality, noise from outside and neighboring offices, and modernizing the bathrooms.
Elevators often go in the opposite direction indicated by arrow.  Many times, the floor indicator is stuck at "18" even when it is stopped on a different floor or the car is descending.  There is often a long wait for the elevator.
The seating in the cafeteria area is very nasty. I've seen better furniture on the side of the road.
My building has outside structural issues that have been ignored for over 15 years. I have reported them each time my ceiling and wall leaks worsen after a rain. To date, the best I've been told is that maybe next fiscal year a contract can be down to repair the outside brickwork (I've had this reply for several years). Perhaps when a portion of the outside wall falls down, and I have a new "window" in my office through the hole, something will be done. More likely, I will have been moved to another building or have retired before the problem is fixed.
In a nutshell...The NorthOps aviation unit operates out of a 70 year old WW2 aircraft hanger. Over the decades the hanger has been occasionally scabbed onto in the form of office space, climate control systems, common areas, bathrooms, ect... None of which are even remotely modern. The last large scale renovation was in the 70's! This hanger houses 25+ government/ contract employees and well over 10 million dollars of government owned or contracted aircraft. The roof leaks, there is no insulation, heat or A/C, and the main doors are in such bad disrepair that it takes multiple male employees to close the doors. Additionally the door locks are broken therefor extremely expensive aircraft are left unsecured. The fact is that this facility outlived its usefulness 50 years ago and needs to be torn down and replaced with a facility appropriate to our current operations, appropriate building codes and modern office conditions.
the janitor services we have is good for the length of time they are; the main elevator needs to be replace periods it is consistently going down; then it can take up to 30 or 45 days or more just to get if fixed; it will be good for several months then it goes down again.  the air vents/ducts need to be cleaned every month since we have a high ratio of pollen and mold in the air every month; filters needs to be replaced twice a month especially during high pollen seasons, mold seasons, cubbies needs to have their floors detail clean moving everything out and scrub real good and panels needs a good vac; good dusting all over the building along with a good vac everything needs to be moved and cleaned ; outlets and breakers boxes needs to be updated and replaced.
All of my colleagues in other offices have their own offices.  This is the only office where attorneys are forced to work in cubicles.
no privacy for hippa in the infusion room, no rooms with beds for ill cancer patients, taking care of chemotherapy patients sharing a bathroom with non chemotherapy patients, the bathroom is in the main room, offers no privacy for patient and odor control. Physicians are sharing office space with a bed for patient visits.
when I was assigned the office ~ 5 yrs ago the carpet was stained. It is still stained.  My office mate and I bought a vacuum to clean.  Maybe offices should be on 5 yr rotations for freshening up.
I interpret "partitions that most people cannot see over when standing" as being too high to see into the adjacent cubicle.
Everything is dated and need of a make-over.  More space is needed for the number of personnel we have, because our current space is currently cramped, and we're not even at 100% staffing level yet.
Shared, open workspaces do not work for National Weather Service. Offices that have tried hoteling, including the pilot project, end up not sharing a space. People need their own space they think and low noise levels to work for a mission that is saving lives.
Every time I go in the Men's restroom just outside the main cafeteria, it sounds like there is someone actively using an electric grinder on something in the walls.
General maintenance of the personal workspaces, such as routine vacuuming or dusting of window, is almost nonexistent.  Very disappointing to see the same dust piles or floor debris remain month after month after month.
humidity is extremely high due to ventilation of outside air into lab
No privacy, noise, not enough storage, constant distractions from others\Automatic paper towel dispensers were installed in all restrooms and I don't think any of them work anymore - why did we spend the money?\some of the toilets automatic flushing systems are staying on way too long wasting water, but when I report it, nothing is done.\Mouse traps have been set up and then are never checked.  loaded and tripped traps all over the place.  Traps put in places where you can accidentally stick your foot in it.
Women's restroom on 5th floor Avery does not appear to be cleaned at night, especially the toilets
Our security cameras do not cover the areas that should be covered, many have stopped functioning.\It was anticipated that we were to gain the entire 2nd floor however between ATF Space management and GSA lack of communication with the landlord might cost us the additional space we should have.
Too many people in too small an area with some staff having to sit in the common area to work.
GSA is absent for any project management and oversight on renovations, or upgrades to facility.  There is an extreme lack of communication and no accountability for projects.
The management change in the café has been great. There are more options (except for drinks, they seem to be having trouble keeping juices in stock), the food is better, the ability to use a debit card was added to all registers and the time to checkout was greatly reduced.
In the larger workspace for my group, which is space that we newly occupy while waiting for a renovation to complete (2 years) many poor design decisions were made. Things like two desks with chairs back to back, making only one desk usable. To complicate these poor design decisions, the desks are physically hard wired to the wall, so that as new groups such as mine occupy the space, we can't move things to fit our needs. \\Also, for the love of god, can we please have fewer floods in building 10.
I know who to call about issues in Germantown and in Foresttal.  But just because I know that, and call that, it doesn't necessarily mean that things are going to be corrected.\\Every week, the cleaning crew comes by. That's fine.  But every week, the question is what do you want done (dusting, vacuuming, etc.)  If you aren't there, I am fairly convinced that nothing gets done that week.\\Part of the problem with the bathrooms is that the automatic flushers don't.  And then the building occupants are too stupid to flush the commodes themselves.  That isn't really a GSA problem.\\But, there are also problems that are obvious and don't get fixed.  There is a commode in FORS that leaks EVERY SINGLE TIME it is flushed.  By midday, there's water standing on the floor (and flowing to the floor drain) every single day.  I've even called it in.  And yet, it still is leaking.
I've asked before to have  the office redone and make additional computer workstations, lighting , open , shelving , a lock on the door at  the end of a shift so out items are secured. 2 years  no response.
When the HVAC in my office is running it is over 60dBs.  It makes my ears ring after a while.
I wish the carpets would be shampooed
I am ready to move to the Chicago Loop!
I am very happy with my single-person office, as it's necessary for me to perform my tasks well.  I require the ability to shut my door for meetings, conference calls, and to focus on executing my job.
industrial commercial setting appropriate for the IRS.
The HVAC system kicks in every day around 3pm and it is LOUD.  The temperature is inconsistent, the air quality terrible.  \\The elevators smell, the carpet in them is stained.  Often times there is trash in them.
garage security.  accidents take place in the parking lot couple of hit and runs (nothing in place to monitor this behavior, occupants by-pass guards by cutting through parking garage and using other elevators or  outside entrances.
We have 6-7 unsightly trees and shrubs on the property that are dead. Two are large trees near the driveway entrance and three are evergreen type trees facing Wenzel road  Just this year we noticed 3 shrubs in the southeast corner near the window that appear to be dead. Also, there are two large trees with some apparent disease. In addition, one of the guards mentioned they are unable to see part of the lot because of tree obstruction in the summer when the leaves are in bloom. Trash in parking lot is not picked up in a timely manner. There has been a scraggly shirt laying out there near the entrance for nearly a month and a plastic gallon bottle sitting near the cigarette receptacle by the front entrance for over a week. The carpet is over 10 years old and is looking worn and the large stains do not come up with the carpet cleaners. Thank you.
Our spaces are great. The stand up desks are amazing, especially compared to what we had in our previous building. The lighting and overall cubicle environment was better prior to our specific LOB deciding to put partitions up (thanks to the union).
The PACU workstation is not feasible to caring for post operative patients. The work station is cramped with over size chairs and too few computers for nurses and physicians to work with. The work station does not allow you to visibly see your patients at all times as most PACU are set up. The equipment ,monitors, wall mountings are old and some do not operate as they should. The wall mount to hold gloves do not work, the glove boxes are always falling on the floor. The telephones at the nursing station some days work, other days they do not transfer calls or ring.  There is only one hopper to empty body fluids and when it is not working they want us to empty in sink.
poor layout of fixtures that does not fit into the spaces.
on the summary page my building location is not show and I cannot get back to page to confirm selection of Commerce, NOAA, Maryland, Silver Spring, 1315 east west highway
Our office lease has been expired for over two years.  GSA seems to have made zero progress in finding us a new location.  Employees have not been informed at all as to where we may be moving.  This state of limbo is frustrating and causes anxiety among employees.  We've been told that our new cubicles (where ever we end up) will be much smaller.  This direction fails to take into account the sheer amount of resources required for many of us to complete our jobs.  We've also been informed we will have less conference room space in our future location.  It is part of my position's mission to conduct trainings for all federal employees, and a future lack of conference room space will severely limit my ability to perform my job.  So please, GSA, finish the process of finalizing a location for our office as soon as possible.  And please ensure that space has sufficient conference room space so that we may actually do our jobs.
Do some of the restrooms NEVER get cleaned? Because that's what it seems like. Additionally, I've developed a skin condition and chronic cough because of the level of mold in the air here. It's really shocking how poor the air quality is.
My job requires my time to study work with technical languages. The partitions are too short. All of us can see over the partitions when seated. Visual and audio interruptions are constant.
Old Carpet is worn, ragged areas are either taped over or warped.
Our building is not secure. We have a guard who is behind a locked door when we bring claimants to interview. There is no separation between our cubicle space and our interviewing area so the noise level is often times unbearable. I feel very unsafe at times during interviews as there is no way for me to reach the guard or keep myself safe.
It's too bad the larger office spaces in our building cannot be broken into smaller offices. Also, it would be nice if the offices without doors could have doors put on them for privacy/security. The parking space is very spacious, no problems with the lot.
All of the women's restrooms that I have used on the 3rd floor have cold water that comes out of the sink when washing your hands.  I understand that hot water cannot come out immediately but it seems that the water is never warm.
I would prefer a workstation that people cannot see over when standing
It is extremely difficult to participate in webinars and conference calls with the noise level from surrounding work spaces.  I have very little flat surface to be able to spread out my work and be more productive.
No money is set aside for maintenance of the government owned facility.  The building is starting to fall apart and show its age.  Building was constructed in 1962 with two additions but no remodels.  With maintenance this building could be in good condition.
Love it here!
In previous surveys I have "voiced" my concerns/issues with the cleanliness, healthiness, environmental issues of the Gateway Center located in Covington, KY. The company that has the contract for cleaning the building is a joke. I may be old school but I was taught to sweep then mop (I wish I could attach a picture of the hallway on the 2nd floor on the NW side of the building) -- streaked w/dirt where the mop was simply dragged back & forth across the floor, and more often than not you can SMELL the sour water/sour mop long before you see or get to the area that was most recently CLEANED! DISGUSTING! The carpets are stained with GOD only knows what, human waste, catheter leaks, we don't know what we are walking through and the carpets are NEVER vacuumed let alone anything beyond that. We have had numerous "sightings" of BEDBUGS, the resolve to that is to move the person that found the offending insect to another cubicle while their cubicle is "treated"...well guess what those little guys just pack up and move to the next cubicle. The vents on the ceiling are black with dust, soot, recirculated air--it's no wonder so many people are ill, several in the last couple years being diagnosed with cancer, lung (COPD) issues, heart disease, etc. and more that usual being out more with common illnesses. The doors to the stairwells are layered with fingerprints where the doors have not been cleaned (like a petrie dish), as someone who has to be in this building for 1/3 of their life every single day, I feel that at the very least I should feel comfortable opening a door, sitting in my chair, putting my headset on (without fear of getting bedbugs), doing my job or using the bathroom with reasonable assurance that a GOVERNMENT office building be clean and habitable which unfortunately this one is not. Oh, and painting is nice, but it doesn't last... \I think a good look needs to be taken at the service that has the contract to clean this building. When I first started here some 12 years ago, there is a marked difference in the care of the building. May be the company, may be the people "working"  for the company, I don't know but the building is in very very bad shape.
accessing the building is really difficult. You have to scan two badge three times to get to the office. Office noise is unescapable.\The views and layouts are nice though!
There is a ridiculous rule that we can’t hang anything on the walls or have any names on doors. So no clocks in any rooms. Providers can’t hang art work or their degrees. No one knows where anyone’s office is because no names on the doors. I’ve worked in VA for 13 years, and I’d vote this rule as the dumbest.
None at this time.
Not enough workstations are setup with all equipment required for common reasonable accommodations needed for personnel disabilities; currently, there is a shortage of workstations with both sit-to-stand and air purifier equipment.
The small office is too loud.  Employees have no respect for others.  Lacks privacy when on the telephone
Please come view this place for yourself. Peeling wall, seeping water through the brick, Asbestos, loose tiles. Completely unsecured office and building, poor ventilation.
noise from conversations, phone calls, etc. from surrounding personnel and works stations interferes with ability to get work done.
Dusting is not done much.  I would like to have our area dusted biweekly.
I am an attorney, which requires confidentiality. Single-person offices preserve confidentiality. Please make sure that attorney's have enough space for single-person offices.
there are not enough offices for nurses and providers, we have to share offices and clinics are spread between three different buildings and in my opinions that is not veteran centered care at all
The space is poorly lighted, poorly designed, and cheaply furnished with low quality modular office furnishings. Because of a former political appointee's personal preference for open workspaces, our bureau sent to surplus very high quality modular office equipment that allowed employees to have comfortable cubicles allowing one to have a work environment where one could concentrate. Now we have ugly, low quality, and uncomfortable modular furniture with no privacy and the constant noise others talking.
this building is so filthy dirty
This is the dirtiest hospital I have ever worked in, in over 30 years. There is no staff restroom so visitors and patients go in soil the toilets leaving treatment staff to hunt down a clean bathroom. The carpet in therapy has not been cleaned in years. Tile floors are filthy and stained. The air vents need filters or a good cleaning based on the level of dust coating everything.
Need more storage space throughout the facility
It would be nice to have a fax at each end of the building.  Grounds crew could do a better job of picking up trash in the parking lot.
Building is great.  Parking is not.  If you do not arrive early in the morning you are forced to park blocks away.  It is not always safe and I feel nervous walking to my car after dark.  Employees will take an entire day off of work rather than come in to work late after an appointment due to not wanting to park so far away from the office.  Not enough handicapped spots for as many employees with handicapped tags
So much disturbance when trying to work because you hear everything!
Good privacy with minimum noise penetration. In the near future I would think repair of wall behind HVAC pipe covers will be refinished as it is cracking off in small pieces.
The building space BIA uses is housed within the Tribal main agency but it is a very old building.  Outlets are not sufficient.  Phone system is okay but somewhat not to great.  Walls are so thin, I can hear conversations at front office with my door closed, front office is about 25 feet away.
No privacy
Primary elevator in East Wing, first floor, just past entry doors to DWD: Elevator is extremely slow, taking between 2-3 minutes between the floors (total of 4).  Most often necessitates taking the stairs to reach upper floors.
The area that I work in is always very warm and feels humid.  It is not pleasant to work in an area that is uncomfortable.  I work 8 1/2 hours per day 5 days a week and the discomfort in the temperature does not make the work environment pleasant.
It would be nice if space allocations per Program-Level Organization could have (1) a designated medium-sized (15-person) conference room with A/V and whiteboard; and (2) a designated kitchen area with full-size microwave, refrigerator, table & chairs to eat lunch.  Both maintained and cleaned by building services.
Based on my GS-15 grade, I should have my own office.  I am often on lengthly phone calls and sharing an office does not work.  I enjoy having the option of telework, but I might choose to work in the office more if I had my own space.  But I understand that this situation is likely to get worse in the new USCIS building, as it appears there will be insufficient enclosed offices and no shared enclosed offices.
The building is out dated and with it being outdated the property owners do not keep up with the environment of the workplace. When there is a building issue, facilities comes and completely down plays the issue. For example, it is freezing in the work space, they come in and point the thermometer in the area and say "nope its not cold get a blanket" and they walk away. Meanwhile papers are blowing from the air being on high. Another example is bugs in the area. While we understand that this is a large building and there will be bugs facilities will come and put glue traps down and then say there are no bugs. Meanwhile as we are sitting at our workstations we are getting tiny red bites. These are not occurring in the house but in our workplace. It is disgusting. Facilities is constantly down playing our complaints. The rugs are stained and disgusting. Cleaners vacuum the rugs about every two weeks. I had to purchase my own carpet sweeper to keep our work area clean. This should not have to be. There is dust on the cubby's that some of us can not reach due to certain restraints (height or disability.)  They are never cleaned by anyone. Cleaning people do like  to wash the glass on the entry doors as they do that at least once a day. The cafeteria is dirty and moldy. there have been dead bugs and mouse traps by the window for years. Why not pick them up? The bathrooms needs to be cleaned with cleaner not a wet towel. The bathrooms need cleaning constantly. While we the employee should be mindful of ourselves it still needs to be cleaned. The majority of the sinks do not work. If they do they spray like your getting a shower. Which then leads me to how dangerous it can be due to the water being on the floor from the spray. The majority of the toilets also do not work in the AM area. You have to wiggle and jiggle and pray that once it goes down it doesn't spray back up! The electricity is a hazard throughout the building. Honestly this building needs to be completely knocked down and put back together again. I have been to other IRS facilities and this one is the worst. While the others had wonderful clean common areas, work places, meeting areas , nice classrooms with working computers ours is a disgrace and an embarrassment.
The security officers are lax and frequently do not check the date or photo on smartcards. Some security officers frequently spend time on their personal phones or use their PC to watch youtube or other internet videos. I know this because I hear the volume as they are watching videos. Sometimes they are watching political videos. I am concerned that they are just very lax.
Overall satisfaction with workplace environment is good in the Industrial area, could be improved with some augmented cellular service on property at KSC, as KSC towers provide spotty coverage in the O&C building.  All other services and accommodations in O&C building are satisfactory.  Thank you.
There are support columns in this building that extend into my office, making the space challenging to setup an office and have individuals in my office for a meeting.  It's just how the building is and I have come to get used to it, but this is not in any way a modern building or work area
Need softer toilet paper.
The concurrent construction projects have left insufficient parking space for people without reserved parking spots. Was there a good reason to have at least three construction projects run concurrently? The construction contractors don't store construction materials in wildlife proof containers. Thus, the ravens pick apart the packaging. Then the wind blows pieces of paper, Styrofoam, and plastic wrap all over the place. It is especially upsetting to see this debris end up in the creek, where it flows out into the channel, which is where the salmon run.
no concerns
Trying to get something done is difficult...many requests get rejected out of hand with no real explanation...perhaps they just don't feel like it?
Just to clarify, the dissatisfaction expressed in my answers above only pertain to the single-space work posts that my location includes. The general office space and the on-site satellite location workspaces are satisfactory.
we work for several VA's across the country and are told we cannot telework even though there are space issues here and we are teleworking here for VA's in other sites.  Should be able to work from home at least part time.  It's difficult to work in a small room with 4 others because of noise, distractions, etc.  Would be much more productive at home.  Not to mention there are other departments that could this space we taking up much more than we do.
Our workplace is running out of storage space and records are overcrowding my workspace.
Biggest complaint is that lately building is dirty--they don't clean like they did even a year or so ago.
Our agency has recently moved from the US Custom House.  I thought it was one of the best locations in the City of Philadelphia.  I will miss the folks that I've met from other agencies, Don and John of the Lighthouse Cafe, Kathy, Martin & Leonard (our folks from Elywyn), the security that met me each and every morning, and the building manager that was always pleasant whenever I would see him.  I will greatly miss being apart of the Custom House family. I hope that you all find other great tenants that will appreciate being in the building.  I know I appreciated going to work in the building.
Hot water is not adequately available in bathrooms with showers. Bummer
Very small workspace.  Unable to meet with more than two people at a time.  Small desk area.  Old furniture and file cabinets.
Speaking of noise levels, I'd like to put in a word for the maintenance personnel who have to push carts and/or trash cans that have SMALL wheels on the TILE floors of the USDA South Building. They should either get ear protection or have those carts/trash cans modified (LARGER WHEELS might help) so that they  don't have to listen to the rattle, rattle, rattle every time they move down the corridor. All day. And, for a manager's consideration, I bet that noise does not encourage them to move swiftly down the corridors, since it would get worse the faster you pushed. The small wheels were designed for linoleum (or marble) floors- not the tile we have upstairs in the South Building.
Elevators do not seem to be programmed correctly . Please wash the windows .
The elevator buttons often have difficulty accepting my button press. There have been times when the elevator would not accept the button press to my floor. One of the toilet seats is a little loose. People talk loudly sometimes. I do not think that there are enough meeting rooms.
I don't like the partitions nor workspace  because there is no privacy and it destroys the culture of the organization.\\The main door for the underground parking area should be able to allow pedestrians to walk up and down the ramp/enter/exit the building. Sometimes I've injured myself because I couldn't take some materials/luggage up the driveway and instead had to maneuver through the elevator and doors.
The building has great maintenance staff. And is wonderfully situated at a location where NPS mission is highly relevant. \\Wonderful place to work.
The entire building and offices are not modern and are not maintained.
You can not get plumbers or OI&T to come in on weekends nor nights.
Overall for all questions - There is a big range between somewhat satisfied and extremely satisfied.  where I may not be somewhat satisfied or extremely satisfied, I am satisfied, or overall satisfied, based on the time of day the issue is observed or noted.   This should be considered next time a survey is built.  response is for assistance is timely, concerns are addressed, made not always be with the result I prefer, some is outside of the control, or availability of options or findings.
GSA has run rough shod over the whole process of coordination for the new building, and collaborative efforts were a joke.  Information was held until the last moment, and then the group was told to make decisions on unreasonable timeframes.  Real information and decisions were not given to the workgroup.  No engineering information was shared with employees.  Forcing out the Skyone Credit Union was a travesty. I notice that DFW has space for a Credit Union.  I believe a lot of decisions were made to go with cheaper alternatives (furniture, finishes) that will result in additional costs in the future that could have been avoided.
We need improved video-conferencing abilities.
Poor quality of how projects are managed. They redid the lighting in our lab and did not place the lights where they are needed. The person who did the design did not design for where the work spaces are so they are over the tops of areas where no one sits.\There is no money for preventative maintenance. So when stuff breaks we call it in and they fix it. Often no one calls something in when it is broken. But there seems to be money to go through and make things look different once in a while. Does not make sense. \The HVAC is a joke in our building. We told them how the system does not work many times. They put in a whole new system and it still has all the same problems. This is over a 20 year period of time.\Cleaning is interesting. We really need a filtration system on the air handlers and people that actually clean up the dust. Our computers get loaded up with the small particles of fibers that mostly look like the carpet fibers. Vacuuming was almost never done. We do not know how much it is done now, but we know it is done once in a while.\Things like locks and hinges wear out. I had to fix the door lock myself after the local guy could not figure it out. Seems it is tough getting 1968 vintage door latch parts.\Still I am trying to figure out how covering the concrete blocks in building with sheet rock and crappy wall paper is a more durable surface. \My final thoughts, seating. The expensive chairs seem to break a bit too much. No one seems to have money to buy new ones and when you call in one under warranty nothing happens. It seems to save money in one budget they make the projects buy office supplies with money that is supposed to go to doing research.
My office is fine, but my lead technician and seasonal crew are crammed in a single room.  I have five crew members at present and they share a two-three person office with no partitions.  Sometimes seasonals outside of my program are also in there.  At present, seven people share the office and there are only three shared computers.
I am unsatisfied with my working environment because I feel that the building was constructed for the Program and Management Staff.  The building was built with offices along the windows and all lower level grades inside the perimeter. The natural sunlight is enclosed inside the office space. I do not see the sunlight at all unless I leave my space and walk to where a window is located.  I am usually at my desk 7 and 1/2 hours out of my 8 hour day so that is a long time to be inside with no natural lighting. I feel depressed when I'm at work.  :(  :(
A standing/sitting desk is preferred and partial partition from the main hallway traffic is needed since most every person that walks by my office stops to speak.
Serious issues with major construction projects to ensure the safety and reliability of the laboratories take much too long to be completed and with very little concern for the laboratory workers or the safety of others in the building.  As an example, we currently have a broken security door to a controlled access hallway that GSA locked, rather than posting a guard.  So now a major fire exit has been locked because no one can be bothered to simply unlock the door and control access by guard which has been done before.  This is a serious workplace safety violation
It would be preferable to have my own workspace as other persons in my office see patients at times.  My presence may be unsettling to patients and/or I must leave my workspace when patients are seen.
The GSA staff is excellent to work with.  When tickets are entered for maintenance they respond quickly.  The cleaning staff does a good job and also responds quickly.  The bathrooms need some work and I believe the roof needs replaced. Some cement on the walkways and stairs needs repaired and there are lighting concerns on the outside of the building.  These are areas that you may want to consider in your future budgeting.  Again, overall satisfaction is that we get superior service and support.  Thank you for all you do!
Privacy significantly reduced due to workstation partition windows and is a contributing factor for my chronic stress and anxiety issues.
There seriously needs ceiling tiles to keep the temperature regulated, to reflect light back instead of absorb into the rafters.  Should reduce costs to keep temperature regulated.  No shelving to place materials/books.  Too cold. Can hear from one side of are to the other which is approximately length of football field.  It echoes in here.  I believe noise cancelling tiles will help with noise, temperature, and lighting issues.
there is no overhead lighting and it is very dark.
Of two elevators in our building, one has a chronic problem which is obvious during the first hour of operation each day. \Standing outside the elevator you can hear a loud noise coming from the elevator equipment room that sounds similar to belts slipping when the elevator is traveling up. Anyone in the common area on the first floor can easily hear this sound.\People inside the elevator who have never ridden before feel the shuddering and noises that sounds as if the elevator is laboring and have very concerned looks on their faces.\We have complained about this on numerous occasions and they have not fixed it.
I understand times are rough and WE have to do more with less. BUT its just the simple things that folks would appreciate. Like our Women's bathrooms and not just doing a small portion of the job But truly cleaning the toilets inside and out and mopping the floors once a wk.. Way back when they had this younger cleaning crew they truly did a great job maintaining our bathrooms clean every night and sanitized.  Also vacuuming the offices once a wk and in the cube areas would be nice.  But in know this will never change.   Thanks even though nothing will change.   God Bless America!
Thank you for your help getting a indoor bicycle storage space. The bathroom towels frequently run out.
This campus is approaching 50 years of age, has had significant deferred maintenance and is in need of major work both the the buildings and grounds.  My building doesn't have an elevator which makes it very difficult to move large equipment like copiers and furniture as well as creates a hardship on employees in the event of injury or other inability to climb the stairs.
Our Primary Care Outpatient Clinic is in a leased building. The space in the building is no longer adequate for the services we provide. We have very limited meeting room space which is utilized by numerous disciplines, the rooms available do not comfortably accommodate the number of participants in the group. The Tomah VAMC is in the process of procuring a new clinic space. The Property Manager is very accommodating, responsive and professional in all interactions.
It would be nice if it wasn't so difficult to get a standing desk, multiple screens, better chairs, a community place to wash dishes, etc. These are things most companies provide (even the State government in Maryland) as basics but we either have to know someone to get or can't get at all.
Given the limitations of having a cubicle as work space I am satisfied.  Cubicles carry limitations that are not ideal for deep thinking, just because of the background noise.
Temperature is all over the place.  I'm running a space heater in my office when temps outside are over 100 because it is freezing in our work spaces.  No one can seem to tell us what controls which rooms/spaces. Facilities is very unconcerned about getting it figured out.  We are paying for maintenance, yet all we get is the trash taken out once a day.  Vacuuming is minimal with a machine that picks up nothing.  I am unable to get in the front door of our space because no accommodation was made for a badge control device.  We are told that this is being fixed, but it has been almost a year since we moved into the space.  The only way to access is to climb stairs and come in the back door, which is fine until we have someone on crutches or handicapped in some way.
I would like for the restrooms to not be closed for cleaning during peak hours - when I'm arriving and walking down the halls and at lunch time.  I would like hand soap in the lunch rooms for after I touch the refrigerator handles and the microwave keypad.
As executives are most often in a workspace with staff near by, larger space considerations need to be made for executives.  Executive office space has consistently been reduced. The new workspace standards do not allow for executive offices with enough space for even a small table and chairs to meet with staff.
For an improvement recommendation for the 1st floor entrance way is to have a digital directory for customers to locate where to go for their appointments.
Building maintenance is always easy to contact and very quick to respond to any issues.  The lights in our building are too bright, we could do with less overhead lights.  The temperature in the building is very hard to predict and can vary from one side of the building to the other.
Building is ancient, many repairs are needed, ceilings in lower floors have leaks, mold, etc.
The desk is not low enough which causes me to have to raise my chair to the fullest. Still unable to rest my hands properly on the desk to type. Have reported it before and the desk was lowered to the most level possible. Still having issues and now having ulna nerve pain on both arms and shoulder pain.
The janitors do a really good job keeping this facility clean. The machine shop does not have air conditioning and gets extremely hot. Our heating system is a boiler that can not keep up with the air leaking through our windows. The windows need to be replaced in a bad way. The wind blows and the blinds move. Not efficient at all.They say it is because of historical reasons but you can buy windows and make them look like this old style. Updates would make this place beautiful
I am working in unsafe conditions.  There is a severe roof leak over my head onto a bar of lights.  The Commerce Department's fix has been to put a bucket in the ceiling on top of the light fixture over my head to catch the water.  They say that GSA is the only entity who can fix the roof, and they GSA will not fix the roof because of the renovation.  However, at least three offices in my suite have roof leaks, some of which have caused the destruction of federal files or office equipment.
The VA in Biloxi has contract security for day shift, however the VA does not have security, we have police officers. Leadership and employees treat us like security until they get told other wise by a police officer. Then their feelings get hurt when they get told. Employees also get their feelings hurt when the police do not get to them in a timely manner to unlock their office or give them a ride like the police service is their own taxi service for employees who want a ride to their car when they don't feel like walking. The VA police is  far behind even a two man department in some po dunk town. LETC will have you believe  that the VA police are the premier federal police agency in the country. We are not. From the reporting system , to training. What we are is Security Guards with guns and a supposedly arrest powers, except  we need permission to make arrest. The VA police do not even take a oath of office like other police agencies. I have 32 years of police experience with almost half of that as a Sergeant in a real Police Agency. I have never worked for an agency that does not listen to experienced police officers in matters of crime prevention and police procedures. Sad really, that this is just a job and not a profession.
None
construction progress has been slow; there is a lot of stuff that was never done right or is already broken.  Lack of regular updates about construction progress.
The space is too small and not enough places for storage.
The stairwell stinks, sticky, and dirty.  The floor tiles were missing and lighting is poor.
The quality of paper products in the restrooms and break room has declined. I am not sure if the building provides this service or not, but the paper towels and TP are not worth whatever they are paying.
The cow says MOO
Work spaces are in no way private/conducive to working sensitive investigations.  It is very difficult to have a telephone conversation without the entire squad hearing what is said, and working sensitive matters, it becomes a pain to have to go to a conference room each time i need to discuss sensitive information.  More private work stations for squads working sensitive matters would be a nice option.
Air quality is very bad here, allergies is big issue. The air filter needs to be replaced not sure when was the last time it was done. The cleaning service folks are hit and miss, there are times that we don't have no paper towel nor soap and that goes on for days.
The noise level can be terrible on our busy days, because the curtains do not block any noise, and it is difficult to hear the patient and they cannot hear us.
My personal workspace is clean and had sufficient privacy. Window is nice. The smell drives me crazy and the ventilation is awful. The cooling system is terrible. It is cold on one side of the building and hot on the other (not very consistent).
Something has to be done regarding the water in Building 66.\It has been brown for several months.  \I know steps have been taken to address this issue but the issue continues.\Experts need to be brought in to solve the problem.\Bottled water (or bubblers) should be brought in until this issue is addressed.\There should be several locations where the water is located on each floor, not just in one place.
Most are shared workspaces, which I understand. The chairs are 1950's models and are totally uncomfortable and bad for the back.....hence bad for productivity. Studies show that people sometime work better (more productively) when standing. These work stations don't work for that option.
The cube walls are too low
There is a lot of noise from other people speaking out loud in the office with no concern for others.  Cell phones making noises with every message received and cell phones ringing loud.
Issue needs to be addressed with the lack of the ability to run warmer water in the spiggots in the sink area, 2nd floor breakroom.  Because of the cold air, some people may need a warmer water setting to use.  Some people have a condition known as Raynaud's Syndrome which causes the fingers to turn white and loose circulation.  Running hands under warmer water helps.  The issue with the ventilation in the Ladies' Room needs to be addressed with ventilation to the outside of the building, as opposed to ventilating throughout the building.  The problem with the slow drains has been brought up several times and, basically, to no avail.  The issue with the stain in the second stall, 2nd Floor Ladies' Room can be addressed with the use of a toilet bowl brush but, more effectively, a sign in every stall to remind us to not leave anything behind in the toilet.
Space is to small for the number of employees it houses. There is limited space to move around the room, making it a hazard in the event of an emergency.  The room has no windows, poor ventilation and breeds germs. There are not enough electrical outlets and multiple extension cords all over the room. The room is rarely vacuumed and the shared workstations are only cleaned if the individual cleans it at the start of their shift.
The Lapeer Farm Service Agency office burned to the ground in November 2012. In February 2013 TEMPORARY office space was procured. As of today June 2018 which is over 5 years after the fire we are still located in temporary quarters. \\The layout of the office space is not very good nor efficient. There is a hallway separating the FSA office staff. All USDA customers including NRCS and the Conservation District customers must walk through the FSA office space to get to the NRCS and Conservation District office space. The FSA FP Program files are housed in cabinets in the hallway that all customers must walk through to get to the respective FSA, NRCS and Conservation District office space.
My office door does not lock.  In light of the recent "active shooter scare", I find this completely unsatisfactory.  I also find the entire handling of the "active shooter scare" to be laughable.  We were not provided information in a timely fashion.  When information was communicated, it was contradictory and/or devoid of common sense.  The PA system wasn't working.  \\When I questioned why my door won't lock, I was told it was a "management decision".  Well, I'd like to be able to protect myself and not get shot in the event a "scare" becomes the real thing.
Every year I report that the security personnel that check ID badges at the entry points are many times distracted by personal conversations with individuals, flirting with women coming and going from the building, and/or the use of their personal cell phones for text messaging. Many people enter the building without the security personnel checking their ID badges because of these distractions.
Building is always too hot. Especially at night.
The HVAC in this building has not worked in years.  Nothing has been done to address the situation.  Despite the almost daily complaints about the problems, the GSA representative has only visited this building once that I know of, and that was to ask us to complete this survey last year.  Still nothing has been done to address the HVAC.  People are actually sweating in their offices and have to have fans down the halls and on desks.  There is NO satisfaction with employees in this building and GSA has done NOTHING to ever address the problem.
building is old.  and you can tell it.  would rather be elsewhere - particularly because of old building + earnings tax.  But, too hard to get things, for example a garbage disposal - $700???  Paper towel machines that work reliably. Someone to clean glass regularly. brown stain removed from ceiling in common area. ELEVATORS THAT WORK!!! Escalators that run. Elevators that work reliably.
Limited work space and equipment, as well as on-site IT services
Carpet requires better cleaning.\Horizontal surfaces should be dusted occasionally.\Light bulbs not be changed when out.
Building has bed bug infestation. Although part of the building has been sprayed, not all of the building has been sprayed (K3 has not been sprayed, even though it is part of K2, and there are openings between the two parts, and the ceiling covers both parts of the building). Bed bugs have been spotted in the ceiling by the electricians, but the ceiling has not been sprayed to my knowledge. Employees who found the bed bugs were told by management not to tell any other employees, so at least 2 weeks went by before the employees were aware of the problem, only through other employees. Management finally had to inform the employees, only because we had to remove clutter off of our desks so the exterminators can spray. Management provided no guidance on precautions to take to keep from infesting our homes. Bed bugs are still being found alive, even after claims that the building has been sprayed every night for the last 3 nights.
Don't understand why floor is vacuumed and cubes are cleaned during office hours when representatives are on the phone with taxpayers. You can't hear what the people are saying and if they can hear what's happening they are probably wondering why it's happening.
Work area is very small and cramped.   Not much room to move around
Bathroom has no ventilation is horrific with the smell. The ceiling has vents but are never working.
the desk configuration is not ideal
Nice lighting. Poor configurability of furniture.
Security problems include the lack of any partition giving security officers protection from intruders or weapons, potentially allowing an intruder access to the rest of the building.  This is a severe deficiency, as any determined intruder with minimal observation of the building and lobby would know precisely how to exploit that to get past security and into the building, where no one else is allowed to be armed despite our workforce including veterans, former law enforcement, and others entrusted with security clearances and knowledgeable in the safe handling and use of firearms.  If security is similar at other USAOs, it is only a matter of time until a catastrophe happens as a result. \\Our central interior stairwell is not cleaned and is filthy.  Spilled drinks, litter, dirt and dust, etc. in it remain for months or years. Wind constantly blows litter into our fenced grounds, though this is a difficult thing to keep cleaned.\\In summer, the south side of the building can get hot and the north side of the building often gets uncomfortably cold. HVAC/thermostat in one large central room has remained broken for months, causing nearby areas to be uncomfortable.
Very old furniture, marked up walls, and things that crawl from time to time.
Overall the building is a great environment. Meeting space can often be hard to find or schedule. Greatest complaint would be noise in the cubicle environment from coworkers that have loud voices/jobs requiring 8 hours a day on the phone.
The Shelter in Place Incident that occurred in June was handled very poorly by the building.  The fire alarm went off however no verbal instructional commands followed.  The HOD had to go down to the lobby to find out what was occurring.  The supervisory staff then received verbal instructions (not over the system) approximately 30 minutes later to Shelter in Place.  We finally received instructional commands over the fire system to Shelter in Place approximately five minutes later.
need new office furniture but it's taking forever to get! I think funding is the problem.
EPA Annex A was a gold lead design the totally ignored the needs of staff.  Partions provide no ability to conduct confidential discussions, cause extreme and constant distractions, and eliminated any chance for collaboration with colleagues due to the open floor plan.  A very difficult and inefficient office space yet someone got an award for it.
Lack of privacy in work stations. Others can hear conversations.
I have my own work place room. but the rest of our little clinic has partitions that most likely can't see next patient in next area.
Hines GS Properties is extremely responsive to our needs.
chipped paint,  chipped toilets,broken toilet hinges which is a patient safety issue as the doors swing freely, so the veterans cant stabilize themselves to low onto toilet-work orders entered multiple times-never get fixed, filthy floors, broken glove box holders that fly off the wall when pulling out gloves at staff or visitors, broken call bells that are chipped and don't work tvs so its confusing for ICU patients or they keep coming out of the walls setting off panic alarms, no deodorant available for patients-they've been researching an appropriated kind for 4 years, no combs routinely available for vets, no brushes for female vets long hair, no nail polish remover to remove female nail polish to check their pulse ox, not all of the computers have the same functional programs needed to successfully accomplish patient care per policy so u have to switch from one computer to another to complete your job/trainings-work orders do NOT resolve these issues and are frequently entered as resolved when the issue is not fixed.
Displeased with the level of security in the parking garage. Need to have a ton of cameras all over the garage so vehicles don't get broken into or stolen. I am very hesitant to leave my personal vehicle overnight, even if it's logged in with the security folks on the fourth floor. I have no confidence that my vehicle will be there when I get back. Also, the garage is extremely trashy over the weekends, like folks had a beer party and no one picked up the mess. And the temperature of the office needs to be 2-3 degrees higher so folks don't have to wear ski parkas while sitting at their desks.
for the most part I have been satisfied with the conditions of the areas that I work in....\I provide services to patients and employees in  my work as a house keeper so I take pride in keeping\the areas I work in very clean and sanitized as possible.... my biggest head ache and concern is the people I do my job for are those who seem to just not care how well we keep up the area and pretty much just go about their day as if to say "oh well h..keeping will take care of it"... ahh no that's not why we're here... no people!! we are not your personal maids... we are Housekeepers... my thought of you is this..."Don't want to imagine what your home looks like... pick up after yourself... please...
The parking lot lights in the back of the building are not adequate during the winter.
A major problem with this building is the location of two world-class wind tunnels next door facing at 90 degrees to each other on two corners of this building. The really old windows of this office building are only single pane and afford substantially useless noise buffering. We have been issued earplugs for days when wind tunnel testing is being conducted. So, rather than install noise buffering dual pane or better quality modern insulating windows for this building, we have been issued earplugs. This highlights a serious degree of neglect for the hearing safety of the workforce. Has this condition created an OSHA violation?
Poor layout;  drawers where shelves are needed, lack of shelves, no bulletin board in the needed space.  Exterior window always filthy.
I DETEST the prohibition on tiny refrigerators. We are often far too busy to trek all the way across the building for a drink of water or food--yes, we actually are THAT busy--and it's a major quality of life issue. I have never worked in an organization so strict on this.
The air and wind pressure in this building is insane.  It causes doors to slam and is a constant disruption to daily work assignments and concentration.  This is evidence between floors as the stairwell doors also slam shut.  Walking into an elevator in the lobby is like walking through the last cycle of the car wash that blows the water off your clean car.  Its very annoying.  The elevators are slow and the turnstiles in the lobby are not necessary if the elevators are controlled by access cards.  I understand the two tier security issues - but the turnstiles are annoying.  For a modern designed building, there are a lot of flaws here.
My only concern is that there is a vent right over my desk which constantly blows cool air, it would be helpful if it could be shut off or my desk could be rotated so that I am not right under the vent.\\Thank You
We recently got new vending machines in this building; beverage vending machine is poor quality, often fails to vend correctly and gets into an out-of-service state very easily.
Two person open counter w/computers on the counter; no partition; very close proximetry w/co-worker and file cabinets.
Elevators are very slow and very loud.
Office furniture is selected without consideration of individual needs.  Facility management should provide flexibility in terms of the amount of storage space versus the amount of meeting space and allow individual occupants to adjust to best support their work style.\\In addition, due to the amount of foot traffic, Facility management should either provide deep cleaning once a week of the carpets or replace with an alternate material such as cork.  Currently, the cleaning crew do not run a vacuum cleaner over the carpets unless asked.  It should be every day.
The NEOB is not physically secure.  This is my #1 biggest concern.  There are FBI reports on the NEOB not being safe from truck/car bomb attack.
I don't know why I keep receiving this survey. I work in a NPS owned building . This survey doesn't apply to our organization. \\PLEASE STOP SENDING ME THIS SURVEY!!!!\\THANK YOU FOR COOPERATION.
Office is too small to share with another person.  Work quality is affected.
When I am not presence in my office desk, someone was using my desk, unplug the Ethernet cable from docking station, used my desk phone, adjust my chair different position.  all this issues that person did not ask my permission before using my office desk.  please do something about to have more privacy space and no one can access in office desk and use it.
there is one computer training room that everybody fights for, which also becomes as the back up work area for people when their office becomes unusable e.g. flooding, construction, etc.
Not really satisfied with the cleanliness of our work area.  From our work booths to the restrooms. At primary we only have 2 restrooms that are used by several male and female workers. These restrooms do not have adequate ventilation and are not cleaned.  The odor is terrible especially during the summer months. Also the work booths are rarely cleaned.  The desktop of the booths are always covered in dirt and dried liquid stains.
The office I am in is so small it is difficult to provide couples therapy and allow for wheelchairs and walkers, which can be a big concern.
the room set up is great. We have workstations with partitions that most people cannot see over when seated. We have to go out into another work area to use a secured printer/scanner.
Work stations are open either on the right or left side enabling staff assigned to station on the open side full view of one's workstation.  Would like more privacy.
I love my personal space.
I do not frequent this building.
somewhat satisfied as the building is very old.
GSA switched cleaning contractors about a year and a half ago. The new company is not as thorough as the old one was.
I do not remember the last time that the vacuumed in our office. I also do not remember them going into interview rooms managers office or conference rooms to dust. There is dead bugs on the floor.
Communications directly with the lessor and their specific response times are excellent.  For  issues that require GSA action, everything is much slower; response times are slow and often require follow up contact.
N/A  I am a Relief inspector I am never there!
Ventilation system seems to not be cleaned.  The vents above heads have dust within them.  Sometimes coming into the office, physical issues arise like eyes burning or sinus related issues occur.
Would like ergonomic chairs with more back support and credenza or cabinet with possible seating pad for impromptu quick meetings with a co-worker
No privacy
The security system has deficiencies.  We use a keycard system.  If the keycard is forgotten, employees have no alternative means of entering the building.  The system has a feature whereby a building representative can be called, but it does work.  Two phone numbers are provided, but both numbers are for personnel who have been retired or terminated for a least a year.  When the issue was brought to the attention of the appropriate person, it was ignored.\\The office ventilation system has deficiencies.  The excessively loud sound of rushing air through the system in my office is distracting.  The issue has been ongoing for several years, and although the appropriate person has been notified multiple times, nothing happens.
Windows that don't close due to rust, heating and air conditioning failures, compounded by windows that wont close.  The window that do not close also allow dust to flow through the work place non stop, do you know how windy it is here?
The elevator would get stuck on days when it is very cold and the elevator is outside so it is cold if you get stuck in there for a prolonged period of time.\\We received a new HVAC unit, but the humidity levels always rise and fall constantly. It is really bad on humid days.\\There are a lot of insects and rodents crawling around the entire building. There are wasps in our workspace. One time there was even a bird that flew into our tower cab and we don't have any windows to open and the door to the catwalk was closed.
Not enough surface area and desk space, insufficient storage, lack of overhead cabinets. Too many cubicles in too small a space, not enough privacy.
I have been employed with the Bureau of ATF for 5 years now, presently in this space.  ATF has been in this space for over 10 years and I personally have painted walls, lobby area etc..  It was addressed to Building management about painting our space because it is noted that every 5 years that this should be done.  To this day, this has not been done.  Our carpets are wore out, the cleaning of our space is satisfactory, but not great, the walls throughout our space are scuffed or filthy.  Compared to other tenants in the building, we do not get half the attention as we deserve to ensure that our space looks nice and professional.  Building Management and the building owner is too consumed with other issues than addressing what needs to be done in our space.  For the amount we pay to lease or rent this floor this is unsatisfactory.
I just wish we could build on to give us more room since we are 2 counties in this office.  Also it would be nice to have another office for when core is here or FLM, or State Specialist to work in so they don't have to use and take up our whole conference room.
I am extremely satisfied where we are at.  Lately, the deputy superintendent wants us to relocate to the old agency building into the basement. The old agency building has had multiple issues.  Water leakage in the walls, mold under the carpets, and it does have asbestos.  Being that it is a very old building, there are always issues with heating and no fresh air in the basement.  I would rather that we stay where we are currently and not have to be relocated unnecessarily.
The air in the building makes me sneeze and makes my eyes burn.  I'm also particularly concerned that we've had a leaky roof for years and it hasn't been fixed/addressed.
Hotel spaces need extra attention to cleaning as some individuals do not clean up after themselves.  Lighting is difficult for me.
We have a rat problem for the second time in my tenure.  I have also seen plenty of roaches in the common areas, and my colleagues have seen mice. The toilet seats are old, pitted, and not stable. The automatic flushing sometimes works, sometimes doesn't, sometimes goes off prematurely, and often splashes all over which is disgusting and unsanitary.  The efforts to save water by shutting off the sinks automatically are so conservative that I fear it's a public health hazard because I cannot properly wash and rinse my hands. And that is all before the pipe burst two months ago causing a major flood in my office, which, if it had happened on a weekend, would have been much worse, because it would not have been detected immediately. The water flowed out for a full hour as it was.  I was displaced for a couple of months. Upon moving back in, there was another leak in the exact same place, so now I don't trust that my office is safe from flooding. In the restoration, we requested that the electrical and communications lines be moved from the "tombstones" on the floor to the wall while the walls were opened up anyway to dry out and before the carpet was laid down. They refused. When I moved back in, we discovered the communications lines were destroyed by the flood. In restoring the utilities, Facilities agreed to move the "tombstone" communications box from the floor to the wall, which we understood should have been done years ago, but initially refused to remove the electrical tombstone to the wall at the same time, because Facilities would have to pay for it (rather than our office, since the problem was due to the flood). We got them to relent, and the fix took just a couple of hours all tolled, and is a huge improvement in safety (no more cords stretched across the floor) and aesthetics. In the same period, a fountain in the hallway, about which several people had complained due to leaking, finally really broke and flooded the hallways and several offices endangering materials they had on their floor -- this also happened after hours and would have been a much bigger mess, causing more damage, had it happened just an hour or two later.  SERIOUSLY??? PLEASE HELP.  Our local cleaning crew is, on the other hand, fantastic, pleasant, and does a great job. Our facilities crew are very responsive when we call about a problem, but they are clearly not paying enough attention to prevention and maintenance of the building and its infrastructure. When asked, they admit that the whole building has old pipes that must be replaced, and it's only a matter of time before we have another major flood. With respect to my personal space, I cannot complain as I am a senior analyst with a private office and a window.  However, my colleagues are spread around the floor and not in a contiguous space together; it's difficult to find nearby comfortable places to hold a small meeting, or to sit informally and talk outside of one's office. The space is unnecessarily taken up with file cabinets and storage.  We could much better use common areas if the space were configured more creatively.
Overall, I am satisfied with my workspace. The only issue I have that is worth noting, is that the air conditioning shuts-off around 6:00 PM Monday through Friday. Our office is on the top floor, in South Florida, so it gets rather warm late in the evening.
The work space that I am currently in is located in Providence RI and was meant to be temporary. GSA has been very lax in securing a permanent secure work location  for the RI Field Office. What was suppose to be be a 6 month temporary space has now turned into 4 years and we are still waiting!!
Provide more security guards
Our office space is too small for our needs. We have practically no storage and no space in which to make repairs to equipment or construct new equipment.
I am completely satisfied with how the workspaces are currently.  \\Going forward, with all the densification, I will feel like my personal space is being invaded.  I am extremely afraid of the noise level since I like to have some semblance of quiet around my work area.
Share with 3 persons and I have 4x4 foot area to work within enclose office with no outside lighting.
cramped room full of noisy equipment
I am not on the same floor as the PACT teams because there is not enough room on my floor
All 6 of the elevators need to running at 2:30pm, you have a LARGE amount of people trying to arrive/leave and seems like only 3 are working at that time. This is my main concern.
I like the workstation I have. However, the desks are supposed to be able to move up and down so we can stand while working. Most of them are either simply old or stuck and cannot be used to its full functionality. This proves to be difficult for me as I have back issues.
Work space consists of extremely tight, individually partitioned work spaces. They are not designed for collaboration. The overhead lights are on a timer, so when people are not walking in the area, the lights go out and you must stop work to move and/or wave your arms to get them to come back on. This can be quite distracting.\The water fountains in the hallways should be retro-fitted with UV dispenser to insure the quality of the drinking water is consistent and the drinking water is not contaminated due to an issue with the Washington DC water system.
The cleaning staff is outstanding.  They are very personal and do a great job.
My assigned office space is located far from the main hospital. Multiple trips to and from the main hospital and the T9 building are required daily for the purposes of patient care, meetings, etc - I estimate I spend at least 25-30 minutes daily just walking back and forth (not counting time spent to relocate all my work materials, sign on to a new workstation, etc). A closer more convenient door/access point exists but we are not allowed to use it - it's locked, no one has keys, and no badge reader has been installed. The water in T9 is nonpotable for an unknown reason and thus water fountains are turned off, so you need to walk to the main hospital multiple times daily to refill water bottles. Exterior lighting is poor and inconsistent; when bulbs burn out, it takes months to replace them. The location of the building is secluded and has lots of unused doorways in the outdoor passageway that would provide a convenient place for someone to hide and remain unseen. In addition, the covered walkway leaks extensively when it rains and puddles form at the bottom of the ramp required to access the building. The metal ramp is slippery when it's rainy or snowy and is not always salted or shoveled in the winter. There is no non-patient sensitive recycling for general papers, bottles, cardboard, or cans - facilities staff just discard these items (which we separate out) into the regular trash. The building is noisy from many staff who make phone calls concurrently, and most cubicles are located adjacent to main walking paths within the building, so there is a fair amount of disturbing foot traffic. Lighting and temperature control are poor - there is a thermostat but it has a cover bolted on so we are unable to control the temperature when it is inappropriately warm/cold. Windows are small and high off the ground and provide little natural light.
1. They put up a fence to stop people from walking thru the parking area - this was a security concern for many of us working at this POD because we would often get stopped by people cutting thru.  The fence surrounded the lot except for one side that was enclosed by a building wall. This past year, the building next to the lot burned and the wall was removed.  Now there is no fence or wall on that side of the parking lot and once again people can walk thru.  We were told they are NOT putting up a fence on that side and it will remain open but we were never told WHY.  Why wouldn't they complete the fence?  They spent all that money to put up the fence but now that the wall came down they won't complete it? Why?  For security purposes, it was nice having the fenced in area to walk out to at night. If you leave after 4:30 at this POD, you are generally walking out alone in a not so safe neighborhood.    2.  For such a big POD there is hardly anyone there on a daily basis.  This is mainly because of the neighborhood.  No one wants to come there.  Its sad they didn't locate the POD in a better area where there are places we can go for lunch and people don't mind coming to the office.
Trees are planted too close to the building and are not growing straight.  They need to be trimmed.  The landscaping is not attractive on the South side entrance.\\Cubicles can be smaller and the same size whether federal or contractor since we have space issues for contractors.  Cubes can be smaller for storage since we do more online work and cabinets aren't needed as much.  \\Some stairwell walls need cleaned or a fresh coat of paint.
The work out room has been unavailable due to the disrepair of the bathroom for too long.
The building cleanliness could be improved.  The fact that we have to come into a building and filter our restrooms or bathroom stalls due to cleanliness is ridiculous.  It should not be 7 in the morning and half the bathroom stall are dirty.  We have no hot water in restrooms upstairs.  How is that a way to clean your hands and now to remove an eating area where employees will now be forced to either bring something from home or spend money ordering out just adds to the dissatisfaction of coming into the building.
Office is too small.  Not enough room to store files I am working on.
*The answer range was too extreme. It goes from "Somewhat satisfied to Extremely satisfied". I do not like those options. I would have preferred to answer "Satisfied" on a few of the questions. \*We know who to contact when we have a maintenance issue here but that person is in Davis, CA. who has a hard time arranging to get the work done in our office because the landlord is in AZ., the building manager is in Redding, CA. and the contractors come from Redding instead of Weaverville, where our office is located. \*I do not know what the arrangement is with the housekeeper but she doesn't do much. She empties the waste cans, brings in toilet paper and paper towel for the restroom, I guess she uses the toilet brush, and she puts blue stuff in the toilet. Or a least that's what we find in the morning. She vacuums once in a blue moon and that's about it. Our carpet looks bad, as does the windows.
my location needs vacuuming and dusting on an regular basis.
Bldg. Facilities personnel are professional and courteous. I appreciate their hard work.
I have noticed other US Gov offices have an RO water filter fountain adjacent to the water fountain.  This would be great to have one located in our office to fill our glasses/water bottles.  The number of bottles filled is shown in a display and it could be used for re-use data on conserving paperware.\\The front east entrance, where the security guards sit, the temperature cannot be controlled so in the summer it is extremely hot or cold in the winter.\\The  southern entrance has a musty/moldy smell.  Not sure whether a waterline has leaked or from the recent waterline break, where the smell lingers.
There needs to be a maintenance person available every day.  The building manager takes Monday's off and when on vacation, there is no one to take care of issues in the building.
The building should have drinkable water - it is often yellow and undrinkable even from the fountains. Making filtered water stations available would highly improve the environment. Problems are reported but often resolved with a temporary fix creating a need to report them multiple times. This quality of this building space is far below the price we pay to be here.
I work in an office with 11 cubicles. In order to do our job effectively, we are all constantly on the phone. It is difficult to concentrate due to the noise levels, and hard to conduct phone calls when someone else is also on the phone.
Need higher panels. No privacy! Can hear everything! White noise machine is even more annoying. Whoever planned this should be made to work here but he/she probably has his/her own office. Can't have any kind of phone or conversation with coworker without hearing it on other side of the room, or even another office. &gt;:-(
Very difficult to get additional furniture I need to do my job.  Excess warehouse seldom has needed furniture and furniture ordering process is cumbersome, difficult and lengthy.
I enjoy the tall partitions that we have now.  In a year, when we move to the low partitions, I can only imagine it will be much noisier.
I LIKE MY WORK STATION I KEEP MY SPACE CLEAN, WIPE IT DOWN DAILY UPON ARRIVAL. THE BATHROOMS ARE VERY DIRTY COMPARED TO THE ONES THAT ARE UP FRONT IN THE BUILDING. THE PARKING LOT HAS MANY HOLES AND THERE ARE ALOT OF LONG LINES IN THE SIDEWALK AND ALSO IN THE PARKING LOT.
HOTELING - PARTITIONS ARE SO LOW YOU CAN HEAR AND SEE EVERYTHING OTHER PEOPLE ARE DOING. IT IS TOO NOISY. WHITE NOISE ONLY MAKES YOU HAVE TO TALK LOUDER.
Design of the building is the biggest problem.  Layout makes no sense, there is no organizational principle, especially in the semi-public areas (first three floors).\\Having different-colored walls in different parts of the building would help a lot.
The new building is freezing in the winter and humid in the summer. \The work space is dim and small. \The building is a poor design for patient care and communication. \No signs for veterans to navigate. \All we hear it this is rented space cant do a thing.
Space is not designed for an efficient outpatient medical clinic.
We've got many bikers who commute to/from work, but we only have two showers. Very bad...
Very satisfied overall with the work space and building.  It makes for productive workers.
Work stations still have not been adjusted to meet individual needs.  High sit stand desks are really not comfortable for most people and the higher chairs are very difficult for most people to get in and out of, in my opinion these desks and chairs were a very poor idea.
If there had been a choice of “Mostly Satisfied”,  I would have selected that for all of my responses.
My coworker and I are working on old tables with no storage.  No place to lock personal items up.  We cannot add furniture due to having to have certain space between desk and partition.  We have a drop drawer that is out of order due to exposed wires.  We have a hard time accessing the window slot due limited computer and phone placement.
Im 6'4" cube walls are way too short.
Ladies restrooms always have loose toilet seats and leaky sinks.  Just not  nice.
Our vehicle cage gate keeps falling off the guide (3X in the last year). This gate is around 10 ft in length and has completely fallen off 2X on employees trying to open/close the gate. Our grass/weeds are above my knees and growing in the cracks of the asphalt. The weed barrier mats are free of any rock/wood chips and thus all you see if the ripped weed barrier. The urinal handle sticks thus we run out of water as the pump keeps running and the water tank can't fill.  There have been numerous times that we turn on the faucet and we have no water.
Although security guard is outstanding, feel unsafe due to interviewing windows being so large and no barrier between claimant/staff, no bulletproof windows, and no metal detector at door. In regard to cubicles, it is often hard to hear or concentrate due to very loud staff also interviewing in nearby cubicles. It is often very stuffy/hot in the building (unsure if this is the person running the thermostat or an HVAC issue...) and multiple people have issues with sneezing and coughing a lot while at work.
The condition of the bathroom in the 7th floor is very very bad, no one seems to clean the floor, I had indicated in the same  survey almost every year, there is no improvement.
Building maintenance and condition in Puerto Rico are the worst I ever seen. Leaks everywhere, old buildings with little or no maintenance. Air Conditioning system is not well maintained which creates lot of mold and bacteria in air ducts.
Outdated partitions and desks, dust, bugs (including bed bugs), rats, odors, stains on ceiling tiles, carpet rips and tears (with tape and runners in some areas), toilets with leaks, water that is not hot enough to kill germs when washing hands or dishes, nasty & smelly refrigerators, germs everywhere including kitchen and breakrooms (no germ killing products provided to clean breakrooms when using).  Would not be surprised if test revealed e.coli or any other findings in breakrooms and bathroom and workstations.
My biggest complaint is the lighting in the newly renovated space.  The lights in the common areas are extremely bright.  My second complaint is that people continue to smoke in the parking garage.
I AM HAPPY FOR MY STAND UP DESK
The drinking water in White Oak 66 is not potable.  I'm glad that GSA is now providing water coolers, but I was very upset when they had previously removed the water coolers before the issue had been completely resolved.\\The waterless urinals in some of the men's restrooms in White Oak 66 smell very bad.
The access pass hardware to the building's parking garage has not been functioning for several months. Cars are regularly stacking up outside waiting to get in the building because the cards are not working. This should be a priority to correct.
My issue is with the remote buildings I maintain. The facilities are heated and so running water can be provided.\\There are no bathroom facilities and they mostly stink of Mice facieses.\\there is no water access so cleaning is difficult.\\these issues can make a facility discussing.
I am very satisfied with the level of care, maintenance, and security of the building I work at.
This plant exists in an extremely old building that is a nightmare to maintain.  Very crowded, which is unsafe in an emergency requiring evacuation.  Getting people out is like trying to watch sand go through an hour glass.
I work in a small office with a small desk. Could use bigger office space with larger desk with cabinet space for storage.
This is a very old building and maintenance, custodial do their best to up keep it
The conditions of the area right outside the office (courtyard) are terrible. There has been temporary fencing up for well over a year. The courtyard area should be kept neat and clean in the same way the area outside the courthouse is kept neat and clean. There should also be lounge/lunch area in this building rather than the open area right next to people work spaces. People should be able to relax and have conversations at break or lunch without disturbing the people who are working at their desks.
Carpets are nasty & air quality needs tested by an independent agency.
Make this place a more quiet place to work.
The facilitity need a major overhaul not just piecework. All staff should have a number for specifically for contracters to go to that specifically take care of this unit. Especially if they are new hires
The temperature in the building fluctuates greatly from one office to another, from hallway to workspace, from restrooms to  breakrooms.    It can be very warm and stale in one space and extremely cold in another.   The local office does not have control of the thermostat and even thought the thermostats are set at reasonable temperatures per the settings, the actual temperatures in the building varies from room to room.\\Our office was built new in 2012.  Since that time, drywall along walls and ceilings have settled and cracked.   We have notified owner on several occasions that this  is happening but the issue has not been fixed.   This is very unsightly.
Install fillable water bottle spout at water coolers (like at the airport). Drinking fountains are rarely used and when they are, people are trying to fill a water bottle.  \\Install less noisy/loud hand dryers which surely exceed the protective level for hearing.\\Install a handle on the first floor door (on the Jefferson street side) so people can exit and enter into the art floor lobby (or else they are forced out the emergency door or down to the Ground floor).
Janitorial services do  not conform to the needs of our program.  We are a residential program housed in an office building.  The vacated beds are not terminally cleaned and in general, housekeeping services are lacking.  We should be following the same infection control protocols as the main hospital.  Hospital housekeeping will not assist with our needs because we are in a leased building.  Our veterans should be better served.\Black dust pours out of the ventilation system.  Unstable temperatures from room to room (no ability to control temperature)  The floors are dirty - not properly stripped and waxed - no furniture is moved.  Work orders, at times are not completed in a timely manger.
I had to buy my own adaptive desk component.
Should workstations that can be electrically moved up and down .
there is a marked difference in temperature from one end of our office to the other.   enough so that fans run at 1 end and portable heaters at the other end.\I would appreciate if the message boards were kept current, drug take back is over, bring your child to work is over.  I would suggesting that the first week a new event is added that you pause longer on the new items.\You have got to fix the elevators, doors that don't close all the way, seem the seem unreliable.
GSA should strongly consider renewing its lease to this building because the SEC has mostly contiguous space and the workspace makes sense and is very functional for the number of employees that occupy this space. It will be difficult to find contiguous space that would be functional for us. The overall cost of moving would be exorbitant, given the fact that you would have to purchase new furniture and most likely pay a lease termination fee. Moving staff to smaller spaces would not work because of the noise level and space constraint. Staff would be very unhappy.
Nothing said in this survey will ever be addressed, never has, never will, and building management fails to comply with their lease agreement with the Government.
I have reported issues with the building but then the issues are never resolved or addressed. So yes, I know who and how to report issues but what else to do to have them resolved, no, I don't know what else to do. \\The building heating and cooling have been as issue for the entire 6 years I've been here (and as I understand it for years before that) and the HVAC was finally replaced this week. The reporting/resolution system does not appear to be as responsive as it should be on such a critical issue. Nor on random other requests, as some reported issues seem to be addressed quickly and efficiently and others appear to go completely dismissed. \\For instance I have had particles and nasty coming out of my HVAC vent onto my desk that have to be cleaned up every morning and when I have reported it everyone concurs that it is gross and is likely ending up in my hair and tea throughout the day but the ducts have not been cleaned even while the HVAC folks were onsite this week. Instead I was advised that I should just rearrange my office to where my desk is no longer under the vent. So now I'm waiting for help to be scheduled to assist with moving my furniture.\\Also, everyone agrees that the air coming out of my vent appears greatly reduced by comparison to the other offices on my wing resulting in my office being too hot while the offices on either side of me are cold (to the point of occupants complaining about freezing), even the hallway is cooler than my office but no request has been made to have the HVAC folks find out why the air is so restricted for my vent. I was however told that I could stick my head up over the ceiling tiles and see if I could visually identify an issue. Sigh!  Thankfully, the heat usually only becomes an issue in the mid afternoon and I am able to usually address it with a personal fan though the issue is not properly addressed and who knows what is actually being dumped on my desk, hair and beverages. It is troublesome.\\The women's bathroom stall doors are disturbingly loose. Another reported but unresolved issue.\\The space issue, resulting in offices in common areas is an ongoing issue. The work that is exposed to being overheard such as performance evals, credit card numbers, etc is disturbing. To have supervisors and people who handle PII in common areas is just inappropriate. I've been in the same situation before with my 'office' located an open, common area and it is incredibly disturbing and disruptive to one's work flow and concentration reducing efficiency and moral and increasing the risk of information loss and the overhearing of sensitive topics discussions.
More security is needed when entering the parking garage - there is no one manning any entrance.  Armed security is needed to monitor general public walking through all levels of the parking garage to Target and restaurants around Skyline. \\Construction noise levels are high- loud drilling/jack hammers are a constant. \\The bathrooms on "old" floors are disgusting - always broken/pipes clogged.
The workspace is great I get my own space as the Lead, the only concerns I have is the computer speed. It seems to go slowly when we run reports and picks up a bit any other time. But other than that I am satisfied. Just wish we had access to more up to date hardware like printers, faxes and monitors and towers.
I have been in this building for 15+ years, and it seems that every 5 years "you people" come in an shrink the "workstation" size to be smaller and smaller ...  and change rules like "someone in your pay grade is only allowed two bookshelves" ...
The bathrooms are horrific.  Despite complaining to DHS USG Employees nothing is ever done.  The bathroom stall doors do not close.  The toilet paper is in holders very near to the ground and do not unroll well.  You need to stick your "dirty" hand down and then up" in hole that I'm confident is not hygienic to fight with the toilet paper holder over getting a single sheet out before it rips.\\The workers often urinate all over the seat tops and on the floor.
Don't have enough work space.
Air quality continues to be an issue.
IN MY WORKSTATION AREA SOMETHING IS BITING US. WE CAN NOT FIGURE OUT WHAT IT IS. I BELIEVE SOMEONE SHOULD LOOK INTO IT SINCE ONE CO-WORKER MOVED FROM THE AREA BECAUSE SHE KEPT GETTING BIT. THOUGH THIS HAS TAKEN PLACE I AM OVERALL \SATISFIED WITH MY WORKSTATION.
Main lobby floors are very nice with exception when it gets wet. They become very slippery and dangerous.  Any options for making these safe?
going from a 2 person office to a space that is barely larger than current space but will have 8 people in it.
We need paper toweling in the bathrooms.  The hand dryers are not powerful and end up leaving the restroom with wet hands.
The elevator buttons are terrible. They need to be pushed repeatedly to work. The security doors are always malfunctioning.
The survey did not specifically ask about the kitchenettes, but I am dissatisfied with the look and upkeep of this area. While I am certain the tenants are to blame for the stains and ground in dirt, it is not a pleasant place to sit and eat. The kitchenette on my floor, in particular, needs to be overhauled.
I feel extremely unsafe in this building. It is old and I wait for the day it will crumble. I feel I was overall more healthy until I started working here. The ventilation is poor, and engineering is only required to change air filters in procedure rooms (for colonoscopy) once annually. I was told I need to call if I want it changed more frequently. When I saw it come out of the air conditioning unit, it was black.\\A veteran brought a gun into this facility and shot himself this year, nothing was done to increase security measures. There are many homeless veterans and vets with known psych issues that hang out in the lobby all day. They are permitted to bring large bags and backpacks through the doors and they are not inspected. I fear for my safety in this building on a daily basis. \\Almost daily, I hear an overhead announcement asking for someone to "move the mayflower truck that is blocking the loading dock." This is the area where ALL oxygen and CO2 tanks are stored. What if someone brought a mayflower truck full of explosives to that loading dock? This building would be gone in seconds. Again, I feel unsafe here. Instead of spending millions and millions on new areas and remodeling, we need a new facility...with safer entrances and parking and REAL police officers who care about people in this facility and aren't on a power trip.
The restrooms in B85A could use some repairs/work.  The latches on the stalls are loose and sometimes don't work.  The toilets sometimes get stuck flushing.  If someone in another restroom flushes the toilet when you are washing your hands, the water gets scalding hot.  None of these issues rise to the level of reporting - they are an annoyance and detract from the overall satisfaction of working in this building.
The doors from the hallway to the offices make a great deal of noise, and the need to use a handle to open them causes concern during flu season.  There should at least be hand sanitizers by the doors. \The design of the building space results in the separation of my team into different hallway access areas.
Varidesk should be standard to improve physical and mental health
Surrounding areas are inhabited with many homeless people. At times, I feel unsafe when walking outside of building.
The quality of life outside of the building continues to be an issue. I regularly encounter open drug use directly outside the building doors as well as public urination. Homeless people continue to congregate directly outside the building and often they are harassing employees and passer byes. I would highly suggest to increase the FPS presence outside of the building from 6am through 6pm.
I believe that this building needs a major renovation.
On the exterior, the ants are all over the place, and the inside is loaded with centipedes and roaches: it's disgusting.
Would like to see security at back gate later in the evening.  Observations have been made of subjects walking back gate and along perimeter as vehicles exit.  Subjects have taken photos/video and been far too close to vehicles. During midnight shift close back gate and make non-operational (perhaps 11p-5a).
Why, in the 21st century, do we have refrigerators without filtered ice water and ice dispenser ?
I am very dissatisfied with the cleaning lady for our office, she never vacuums our office(s), she mops the restroom floors without sweeping it first, so therefore there is a build up of dirt that just keeps building up in the corners, she never washes the windows, never dusts, it pure laziness!!! We have to vacuum our own offices! THE OWNER OF OUR OFFICE BUILDING HAS BEEN TOLD NUMEROUS TIMES ABOUT THE CLEANING LADY NOT  DOING HER JOB, BUT DOESN'T PAY HER WELL (AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT THE CLEANING LADY TOLD A FEW OF USE), SO HE REALLY DON'T CARE!!!!   This has been an on going problem for at least 2-3 years and nothing is getting done about it! The owner of the building is told over and over that we need the air filters changed in our office, it takes him about 2-3 months before we see him stop by and change it!! Over all I love the office we are in and the location is perfect, but the only downfall is the lack of cleaning for our building!
It’s sometimes cold in our office in the summer, but we’ve managed.
First of all, the building management staff at 1 Montvale is very responsive to customer needs. They really are professional and attentive. I think the space is limited by the old furniture, the filthy carpets and other such issues. Furthermore, I don't understand the security. The only protection is located in Taxpayer Service. I don't have any idea as to the identity of the protective staff. This is very different from other PODS of which I have been a part.
We are located at a CBOC, we have no Federal Police Presence here at this facility, there are multiple entrances that Veterans can come in to the site, the waiting area is small and the front office staff is vulnerable to anyone who may come in with violence on their mind.  Local Police can be called and would arrive within 10 min, but by then many could be seriously injured or killed.  One full time FED PO on site would be appropriate.
Overall the building is a good place to work but the building is beginning to show wear, especially around the middle staircase. It needs a good cleaning.  There are coffee stains and scuff marks on the stairs. The railing need a good scrubbing, or maybe painting.  There are areas that are blackened from use.
My main concern is the leaky roof. They have tried 'sealing' it multiple times but it still leaks.
Everything is budget driven.  Instead of spending the money to correct things properly; either the property management team; or Census just patches it with an inexpensive patch. if we spend the extra dollars to get it done correctly the first time; won't have to keep patching.
Regarding satisfaction with security, the random selection of employees for screening makes no sense.  You will never "catch" someone with random screening, and it is a true inconvenience for staff when they have to be screened.
We do not have adequate clinical rooms for patient care.
I must have been the first person to use the vacuum in months, and had to do some maintenance to get it back into decent working order.\Mouse droppings are in every nook and cranny.\Phone and internet service goes out frequently. Our last service interruption lasted 3 days.\The computer and phone I use is shared with another utilities operator. (Most of my work day is spent in the field)
The lack of cleanliness in the facility is embarrassing. Roaches, flies, mosquitos, spiders, etc. are quite plentiful. The lobby floors and stairwells are full of dust bunnies, random pieces of food wrappers/papers or things that have been dropped. Baseboard trim is missing. The concept of no wax flooring apparently means no sweeping or mopping as well. Calls have to be made to have bio-hazard waste can emptied which is supposed to be done routinely. Windows have not been washed in &gt;10 years. Even though an MCM on temperature requirements for spaces and offices state a range we can adjust the temperature, the new thermostats are locked out and cannot be adjusted, probably in order to show better energy efficiency savings that justified the contract.
This office space is for private conversations of Veterans and employees and is shared with Risk Management which deals with torte claims, malpractice suits, deceased Veterans from malpractice suits and torte claims.  It is extremely difficult to hold an invasion of Privacy meeting with a Veteran while Risk Management is talking to someone on the phone about a deceased Veteran from a malpractice suit.
Nothing changes. I will continue to work with super bright lights overhead and freezing cold temperatures. It's sad when I have to dress for winter during the summertime because the air is that unbearable.
The ability to have stand-up workstations as an option or alternative.
The cafeteria in Security West is simply awful. No salad bar, no hot food. They took our cafeteria away and left us with something like a gas station quick market. We should be given back a regular cafeteria with a salad bar, this would be good for employee health and morale.
My concerns are more related to health issues in the future due to the Dust mold mildew bacteria.
Workstation is wayyyyyyyyyyy too small.
Windows leak when it rains
Primary concern is security - the office has an entrance that allows anyone to walk directly into the work area.  Only the counter and two unlocked swinging half doors are there, so that in the event of a incident, there is not a sufficient barrier to allow time to react - a number of office personnel work within five feet of the counter.
Walker Lane has been the best office/building that I have been assigned to.  The staff who maintain the building that I am in and the surrounding buildings are friendly and courteous.  They work hard to keep all buildings in the complex clean.  I wish my fellow tenants would take as much pride in keeping their areas clean as the building staff does to maintain the building.  The grounds are well maintained.  It is very enjoyable when taking a break to stroll between the buildings and enjoy the landscaping.  I love the fact that we have a gym and professional trainers on site to take advantage of.  The gym equipment is well maintained.  The classes a varied and challenging. The staff is top notch. The management company provides all of the shower amenities as well, which is a big perk to me. We are close to shopping and restaurants.  There is sufficient parking for all thanks to the additional garage by my building.  I hope I can stay here for a long time.
No additional comments.
The customers standing outside waiting for the doors to open are standing right next to the building smoking.  It's a health hazard to anyone going out to greet the customers and other individuals who may be coming to the office and have breathing issues.  We should not be allowing customers to smoke right next to the building.   I don't smoke, but employees that do cannot smoke next to the building.
The workplace is a cubical.  It is fine.  But to much noise from conference room and other offices around me.  The smoker spot Is to close to the doors we have to enter through.  They really should be moved.
Lack of privacy and frequent interruptions are an issue.  Also it is difficult to talk on the phone due to noise and concern for colleagues who find it disruptive even though I have a very soft voice.  People come and stand next to my desk.  Phones do no move easily from desk to team room- they get cut off.
I am satisfied with the workspace in this building. I am at the Philadelphia wholesale produce market. The market itself is a giant refrigeration unit. There has been some concern about the air quality on the market. However, the office space and support from the management of the building is fine. We would like things to stay as they are.
INSPECTIONS BOOTHS ARE OPEN CREATING A SAFETY HAZARD. NO GLASS TO PREVENT BODILY FLUIDS FROM PASSENGERS TO ENTER THE WORKING SPACE. COMPUTERS SHOULD BE ABLE TO POSITION TO MULTIPLE SETTINGS. CHAIRS ARE UNCONFORTABLE, BREAK EASILY, AND ERGONOMICS ARE NOT SUITABLE FOR THE JOB
Desks are old - in many parts that are uncomfortable to sit at.  Chairs are the worst - Would rather sit on a 1970's hard plastic McDonald's booth.
Our workspace is freezing most of the time.  It can be 100 out and I have a coat and a blanket wrapped around me.  It is cold in the winter too.
air gets suffocating when dorr is closed any length of time. temp is hard to control even with only a small window.
I am a low-vision employee. The lighting above my workstation is exceedingly bright, for me. This creates great difficulty for me in trying to compensate for this structural problem, in order to complete my essential job functions.
Bathrooms should be upgraded.
Claimants bring food and drinks into the building lobby area when there are posted signage that clearly state not allowed. Sanitary workers leave doors unsecured for periods of time and not securing them when they leave. Parking lot has same trash for days sanitary workers are not making rounds to clean parking lot. Trash bags not changed and old gum and other items still remain in and on them. Toilet seat covers loose very unsafe and snot on walls not cleaned. \\Laptop docking station don't always sync causing unnecessary delays when transferring to other area with laptop. Very few working printer and fax, simple solution have fax go to a share drive or personal mailbox so it does not build up or missed because fax machine is broken and fax you are waiting for not retrievable.
My only request is that the address marker outside on Peak Boulevard be trimmed.  It is overgrown and covers up the address.  Otherwise the grounds as well as the building are carefully manicured and leave nothing to be desired.
the building maintenance is very poor. dying plants outside. no landscaping as I've seen at other VAs. there is leaking from my ceiling and now 3 different types of mold growing. there is lots of dust in my AC vents, lots of dust on the carpet which rarely gets vacuumed.  I work in Hilo, Hawaii @ 1285 Waianuenue Ave, Hilo, HI.
There needs to be additional Disabled parking in front and additional Disabled bathroom stalls.
check in desk is at seated level   veterans checking in are standing... I have to look up all day   all check ins are towering over me  and at time have become threatening   leaning in over computers   bad design
I love being able to control the temperature in my work space.
Our building is in Bartlesville, OK and our landlord lives in Montana.  We have no local contact for taking care of the building.  I would prefer if someone was onsite to correct problems based at least some on their observation.  Our cleaning service also is not available for large parts of the day, which at times has caused us to have to close public restrooms during the afternoon since she comes to clean between 0715 and 0815 daily.  If she's out sick, we also have no one to clean that day.
I have a cube with 4 people around me and a window
As for the condition of the interior of the building, this question was not asked.  Our hallways need to be painted more regularly.  There are continuously scratches and marks on the walls.  In addition, our cubicles have not been updated in the 20 years we've been in this building.  They are dirty, many have tape and old adhesives stuck on them - a general appearance of wear and tear.\\I also wanted to explain my responses regarding the security of the building.  Although the security officers are very nice people, unfortunately, I question whether about half of them even notice people coming and going.  Sometimes, an officer will be looking down at the desk, sometimes on the phone, sometimes chatting with another officer.  Occasionally, I am the only one entering the building, and the sole officer on duty has not looked at me for even a moment.  This is scary.  I do not get the impression from 50% of the security officers that they are READY at a moment's notice for an emergency; these security officers do not present themselves as diligent, alert, or ready to act.
The ventilation in the Bldg 106 5th floor men's bathroom is very poor.
This job not only could be done remotely, it would be easier to do remotely. Yet my component insists we all sit in a chair at a desk in a VERY expensive office building.
Although the survey may seem tilted towards being dissatisfied, my main issues are age of the building and the equipment in the common areas. There are still some chairs and tables from the 1980's around here which are neither usable or comfortable.
Continue to have a problem with insects, ants, spiders, ladybugs, crickets and wasps getting into the building.
Ladies rest room is open to public.
Office furniture provided is 30 to 40 years old and is not in any way ergonomic.
Very poor parking enforcement.
MY PERSONAL WORKSPACE HAS THE FLOOR CLEANED AND THE TRASH REMOVED ON AVERAGE LESS THAN 5 TIMES A MONTH DESPITE NEEDING IT MORE OFTEN. THE CLEANING USUALLY OCCURS AFTER I NOTIFY MY CONTACT ABOUT GETTING MY OFFICE CLEAN BECAUSE IT WASN'T CLEANED FOR A WEEK. OTHER PERSONAL WORKSPACES HAVE THEIR TRASH REMOVED MORE OFTEN. THE CUSTOMER WAITING AREA TYPICALLY HAS DIRTY FLOORS FOR EXTENDED PERIODS.
Our office building has 3 thermostats and the temperature controls are inconsistent due to everyone desiring a different temperature level; the majority likes colder temperature range.
The heating and cooling system is inconsistent and does not always function properly.  The different units for different parts of the building have varying levels of effectiveness, resulting in some very cold areas and some very hot areas during each season.
I think the fact that anyone can pull up and park next to this building is a huge security risk. If there is going to be a parking lot next to this building I don't believe it should be open to the public. Did no one learn anything from Oklahoma City? I also wish we had somewhere to eat outdoors when the weather is nice, there is not even an outdoor break area where we can enjoy even a break outside.
When the office is full, there is too much noise to hear a caller on the phone.  Employees need more space or taller partitions to deflect the noise from other employees.
shared spaces are innately unsatisfying.  Need bookshelf space, filing space and space generally which is individual rather than shared by two or more.  Need space or hooks for coats and personal belongings et.al.
When elevators are out of service, it takes months before they are back into service. Constructions are happening during duty time. The air quality is poor. Carpet should be replaced, then cleaned regularly. It should be vacuumed at least once a week. The restroom sink should have option for hot, warm or cold water.
This shop was built inside of a hanger. It needed to have poles installed to support the second floor. However these poles are always in the way of the machinery and do not allow for an optimal lay out.
Desk sharing seems unnecessary if space was utilized better to create more work spaces for Contact Reps
Please move the smokers and the designated smoke areas away from the primary and secondary entrances to the building.  An ideal relocation could be the corner of the property... away from the entrees.
The electronic doors to rest rooms and other secured rooms disfunction from time to time. the censored doors and the key fob doors.
The building recently switched to a grade of paper towels that is not fit for use on human skin. I would suggest returning to an acceptable grade of towel.  If cost savings are needed, I would suggest reducing the number of general use GSA cars assigned to the building, they are seldom used.
1. Bathroom hand towel dispensers are always overstuffed and hard to use; hand towel disposal bins are too small.\2. Security presence is probably more robust than is merited.\3. Bike commuters should have direct access to garage by ramp.
Need enclosed office space!
It would be nice if the janitorial staff would vacuum the hard offices more than once every few months. They used to vacuum weekly but now it seems as though they never vacuum.
No thermostat in the office to control temperature, have to bring in fan in summer months and heater in the winter to work. For a new building this is unacceptable!
The desk was installed in such a way that I am unable to close the blinds on one of my windows, when necessary.\\The installation of a water cooler or water filtration system would improve our workspace.
I have worked 2 years at the SJC airport and there are just too many issues I have encountered. For one there are not enough amenities or restaurants in the airport. Other cities literally have shopping mall in the airport we need more dining and shops. Also the bathrooms in Terminal A and Terminal B are unclean partially due in large to airport operations neglect and lack of organization. Another problem is there needs to be entertainment in the airport so why can't we get a Dave & Busters in the airport and a gym? We need amenities and better hygiene and it would then be a huge step in the right direction.
I notice that the Ladies toilet room on the 7th floor is not cleaned frequently although it is used by a large volume of staff. The water fountains by the rest rooms are leaking and need to be repaired. Stairwells need some cleaning and finishing.
The HVAC system continues to be an issue. The cleaning contractor should be doing a better job.
The building gym locker room and showers are dirty and not maintained well. The showers need to be cleaned more often.
My work space has no adequate barrier to prevent someone from accessing me in the event of a robbery. I work in the Lobby area where a portion of the counter is below waist level and the rest of the counter is waist level on most. I have requested plexi glass to be installed and was denied that request. Our parking area for guest and employees is combined to the side of the office building with no visibility to the front office. I have requested a camera system be installed and denied that request as well. I have also requested a "customer walk up drawer window" to be installed to correct all these issues for the most part and was denied. The other Forest Service offices in Texas are all outfitted with one or all of these added security measures except the Angelina/Sabine Ranger offices. Why?
Floor drains emit toxic fumes when the trap has evaporated. I understand that the cleaning crew is adding water to the traps once a week. It is evidently not enough. I can hear the drains echoing when the toilets are flushed.
Lack of parking creates a somewhat dissatisfied condition.
The electronic security card readers on several doors are broken and the doors cannot be unlocked/opened in a timely manner or at all. The security card system needs to be upgraded.
High cubicle walls are very desirable.
Outdated. Needs remodeled. No kitchen sink to wash lunch dishes.
Clinic building is old with outdated exam equipment and poor aesthetics on the exterior.
NO AIR CONDTIONING AND NO AIR MOVEMENT IS GIVING ME HEAT SICKNESSES
Building needs a cafeteria.
The workstations are uncomfortable and I often experience upper back pain/strain. They were not properly designed for a petite person. I am required to lean toward my screens and frequently adjust my chair and sit/stand desk when seated. There is a gap of space between the sit/stand desk and stationary desk. The desk furniture has sharp edges as do the overhead cabinets. The overhead cabinets are too close to my head and are a safety concern. There are too many storage cabinets in the walkways and near exit doors.
They also removed the water fountain on our floor.  WHY?
It would be nice to have better (more consistent) WI-FI signal in all areas of the building, including the internal patio.  Also, a bathroom in the bike storage room would help.  it is true that the gym has bathrooms but not all bikers are gym members.
I work on the 4th floor and the paint in my area is peeling off the walls and is dirty. The janitor does a good job of vacuuming and taking out the trash and the bathrooms are clean. Due to the buildings age and that it hasn't been updated in years, the over all feeling is that it seems dirty.  Our building also doesn't have a break room and staff will rinse their dishes in the bathrooms. This is not a healthy situation for anyone.
Annex restrooms need to be renovated. Cafeteria floors need to be replaced. Cleaning has been an ongoing issue with the new contractor but GSA continues to hold them accountable. Jim does a great job managing the building with limited funding to improve the building and tenant satisfaction.
the south parking lot had trees that blew over during a monsoon in 2017.  the trees were not replaced. in addition one of the trees tore up a cement curb when it fell, the curb was not repaired.  The carpet in the building is old and smelly, it should be replaced.
wires running across floor present a trip hazard
Workspace is way too crowded.
Not uncommon to see very large cockroaches wandering around our work spaces.
OVER ALL I AM VERY SATISFIED.
Recommend Urinal deodorizers for men's urinal for all Restrooms on all floors if stock number is available within GSA Supply.\ \3rd Floor sometimes gets warm, Fan ventilation seems not blowing when A/C is on. Maintenance of Air Filters if checked and cleaned within 90 days.\\Overall GSA Maintenance Personnel for Building 34 Civic Center Santa Ana CA is Doing\a Great Job, especially with our New Food Tennant, Leo's Café. Thank You.
I'm not in a GSA building or on land owned/leased or rented by the GSA so why am I getting this.  Your data is going to be invalid if you are asking the wrong people to fill out this survey.
Service is large not enough workstation for employee.
HVAC system not designed for the volume of building.  CO2 levels high in the afternoon.  Parking space is acceptable.  Takes OPM and GSA too much time and money to modify areas needed critical for agency mission.
There are some areas that leak when it rains hard.
newer security rules treat us worse than TSA - can we get a TSA pre-check? Really only one guard that is overzealous, most are okay.  Building is frequently too cold overall, but they gave us shields to put over the vents that redirect cold air away from us.  The cleanliness is new, since Soon and Tok hired - the last guy (Michael) was a terrible housekeeper.  I'm glad he is gone. I'm still sore that the picnic area, the only area outside with shade, is off limits to smokers, since no one else ever used it until one person put up a stink. Now, no one at all uses it (including the person who complained).
The back wall in my office is glass, and the deck configuration requires me to sit with my back towards the glass wall. The light brings a lot of glare to my computer screen, if I close the blinds, then I lose the day light in my office. Really bad configuration. It would be nice if my back faced a wall instead of a glass wall.
Previous office had wall cabinets
There are serious issues with some of the controlled doors in the building.  Especially in the Prisoner Sallyport area in the basement.\The computer system that controls the prisoner elevators has issues unlocking elevators.
The issues we the workers are having at 100 sawyer circle Morrisville, NC 27560 are:\1. HVAC systems need overhauling and redesign.\2. Restrooms need overhauling, mainly plumbing. \3. Interior needs painting, new carpet, new floors. \4. New elevator. We have only one elevator and it tends to break a lot. \5. Security gate needs to be replaced. \Exterior of building could use a make over as well.
My office is great except for the lack of control over the temperature.  There is no way to close off the vents in the ceiling which blow air directly on me whenever the HVAC system is running.  I have a medical condition aggravated by cold air, so this causes unnecessary pain, discomfort and distraction.  There is one thermostat for 3 offices, a meeting space,  the bathroom and a common area, each of which have their unique issues with heating and cooling.  Ideally there would be more control, at least over the vents (zoning with ductwork dampers would be awesome!).  However, this is a relatively minor complaint - otherwise the office is very good.
Everyone on my side of the building has to walk past my cubical to get to the stairs/elevator.
Their are water problems in the building pretty regularly.  They do get corrected.   The private building management also has consistently had the weird habit of turning off the heat or cooling in the building under the mistaken impression that it will save the money.
Also work in laboratory areas. Lab areas have lots of noise, inconsistent temps, crowded.
We need better parking at the building.
this bldg. would be much more comfortable with a cleaning staff that took the time to dust UNDER the desks. there are no carpets in most common work areas and by sweeping conscientiously, it would definitely help with air quality.
I HAVE ONLY BEEN AT THIS BUILDING LESS THAN 2 MONTHS.  I RECENTLY CAME HER FROM THE FRESNO/BUTLER OFFICE.
I love our building 41 team!  Thank you for taking such great care of us Kenna.  And I really appreciate the level of communication from the building 41 team.
Would be nicer to have individual office rooms since it can get loud within 6 cubes away.
the interaction between GSA and Field Services is lacking in communication with the building owner and management.  Who does what?  who determines repairs?  etc....  I have been trying to get wall paper in the office fixed or replaced or taken off and painted for a year now and we are not any closer than we were at the beginning.
Workstations are no problem. Sometimes I want to be bothered with the  person next to me, & sometimes I don't.  Once there was a lot of noise in this office, but He retired last fall.
Great building in a great location.
I am a field employee and often do not work in a federal building leased or operated by the federal government. The buildings and structures that I work in are owned by the private sector, such as meat, poultry, and egg breaking, pasteurization and packaging facilities.   \This survey is not applicable for me. Please discontinue sending me these types of surveys. The type of surveys that are applicable to me and would be willing to respond to are; Q&A's about the GSA car that is assigned to me (G101512R) and leased by USDA FSIS. In addition, updating the locations where E85 fuel can be found by federal government employees who travel frequently, and are assigned to GSA vehicles throughout the United States. Thank you.
AS FAR AS REPORTING ISSUES TO THE CORRECT PLACE, THE MANAGERS DO NOT WANT US TO REPORT ANYTHING.  THEY CONTROL EVERTHING WHICH IS WHY SO MUCH REGARDING THE BUILDING GOES UNREPORTED.  THEY HAVE ALL OF THE CONTROL AND THERE IS SO MUCH THAT STAFF CAN GET REPRIMANDING FOR AND THAT IS ONE OF THEM.
As previously reported, the workspace is adequate at best, with the suggestion that the workspaces may be further constricted in the future; some of these 'smaller pods' already exist and appear very cramped.  Any further shrinkage will be unacceptable.
Office size makes it difficult to hold team meetings.  Seems silly to have to book a conference room, and take it away from someone else to meet with my direct reports.
Workspace is fine most of the time.  It would be nice to have more small rooms to have phone conferences for privacy and to not disturb others.
Lack of security is a major concern. Anyone can walk in off the street and access all of the offices in this building. There is one Federal Police Officer who walks through about once a week. There is no metal detector. There should be key card locks in place so that only Federal employees can access the building. It should not be wide open to the public. Another HUGE problem is that the front door of the building is often left unlocked. GSA washed their hands of it and the contractors refused to be responsible so now the door is often forgotten to be locked by management at night.
Security personnel of the Federal Protective Service seem to come from only one racial/cultural demographic with absolutely NO diversity!  This is 2018, employ personnel from ALL demographics.  One would presume there is a club that only certain members may join.  It is obvious that the biases of the hiring officials have become prominent in the selection of the security personnel in the South Building.  When the pendulum swings all the way in the opposite direction, it is still defined as discrimination.  And it still leads to a LACK of diversity!
Looking forward to office move to downtown Los Angeles
Winter parking lot cleaning is not timely.  Have issues plugging in car due to snow piled in front of head bolts. Getting to sand when icy is a challenge.
The people in facilities on staff at the U.S. Attorney's Office are amazing, professional, and work hard every day to meet our needs.  The building is old and very far (like 3/4 of a mile) from the federal courthouse.  We spend hours each week walking back and forth.  This is not only an inefficiency but poses a safety hazard.  The U.S. Attorney's Office should be located in or adjacent to the Federal Court House.
I am hopeful the environment will improve when the Denver VA is relocated to the replacement facility.
Building really needs to address the sewer smells coming from the floor drain in the first floor, south men's bathroom.  Sewer gas is not safe to breath and can be flammable.  Not to mention gross.  There are often times roaches crawling out of this floor drain as the trap in the drain is obviously dry.
Lack of a/c during evenings and weekends is stifling for those of us that work late or during off-hours, especially in the summer.
Dissatisfied with the way the bed bug issue is/was handled in the building
I think that there were many foolish decisions made in the design elements and the construction of this building.  The elevators seem to be constantly going out of order after having been used for less than 6 months, the glass everywhere seems to be cracking, and the fact that multiple walls of blinds for the windows in common cubicle areas are controlled by 1 control panel while each office has it's own individual control is not only stupid from a temperature and light control perspective, but it is also extremely unfair.
cubical is extremely small and dysfunctional.  Does have a stand up option which is very nice.
There is no warning when they come to clean. You can be eating food at your desk when all of a sudden dust and dirt starts falling in it because the cleaning crew is in the next cubicle dusting with no warning. Vacuum is extremely loud and cleaning crew will just start vacuuming in the cubicle you are sitting in trying to hear callers on the phone without warning. No toilet seat covers in the restrooms really leads to sanitation issues. The cleaning of the bathroom consists of the cleaning crew just walking through and flushing the toilets. No cleaning supplies used. Cleaning crew is often sitting around talking or on their personal cell phones. Most security staff is decent, but some of them are not friendly at all and I have heard and seen them being disrespectful to employees, visitors, and other guards,
Biggest issue: My office is not at all soundproof - meaning there is absolutely no privacy to be able to hold personnel or other sensitive conversations, and I can hear everything going on in the office on one side of me and the cubicles on the other side of me. The "walls" of my office are cubicle walls that are not even sealed all the way around and there are large gaps between wall & ceiling panels, between a side-wall panel and the actual building wall, and  half of the outlets on those wall panels are either inaccessible or poorly placed/spaced, and/or not functioning.\Further, the layout is really terrible. There is a pillar in the middle of my office that limits how much desk space I can have. The adjustment rod for the blinds is too short and cannot be reached without me climbing onto my desk, and the pull cord/mechanism that raises/lowers the blinds is trapped behind a wall/in a corner where it is almost inaccessible - again, I have to climb onto my desk to be able to secure the blinds in the "up position", and it is almost impossible to get them to stay at an in-between height. \Finally, the overhead lighting timer/motion sensor in my personal office (those in my unit's entire office space) is really poor as well - it goes off frequently even when I am in the office moving around and doesn't register I am there unless I physically get up and leave the office.
Our current building situation forces us to work outside of the safety policies of USDA. We are supposed to have our lab space separate from our office space, but our current building's space limitations force us to use one space for both office and lab work. If we were to be audited by OSHA, we would be in a lot of trouble. We need a new space.
The building is currently under construction and it appears to be unsafe. I do not like walking into the building because it seems anything could fall on your head and any moment. Additionally, janitorial department does not leave extra paper towels and dish detergent in the kitchen as past company had (ABM). Additionally, there are cobwebs in the garage parking areas and when ABM was there it was not this way. The janitorial staff overall does not clean as well as ABM had in the past.
Some of the partitions in my workspace are already coming apart. Repairs have been attempted but it was only temporary in nature.
Cube farms are hard for me to work in. I would rather have an open work envirnoment
The building changed cleaning companies awhile back and the service has greatly improved, esp in terms of the overall bathroom cleanliness.
The GSA office space and the common areas lack enough cleaning personnel to thoroughly maintain all the areas.  Some areas need a more thorough vacuum and some cabinet/ counter tops need a more thorough dusting, etc.  It appears there are only a few workers to cover 10's of thousands of square feet for the entire campus (including the GSA leased spaced).
The building is consistently cold, and although I've reported the cold conditions in the past, I've always been told that nothing can be done.  Consequently, I've stopped reporting the cold temperature - I don't have time to continue reporting if there will be no results.  \\Bathrooms are generally clean, but I find that certain things tend to be neglected - soap periodically runs out for several days at a time, and toilet paper rolls are poorly replaced (the bar that holds the roll is often not replaced properly so the roll cannot dispense properly,  and sometimes not at all).
Office is small, next to window, and between 2 enclosed Offices.
the workstations are comprised of outdated and poor conditioned materials.  The desk & chair are not comfortable to work at as they are not ergonomically supportive.  In addition, they do not support any other work positions, ie. sitting in a different direction and/or standing to work.
Office space is very well maintained and there are no issues.
The building overall is acceptable.  However, the paint and carpet in the non-common areas is in need of replacing/repainting.  It has been many years (over 10 yrs) since carpet or any painting has been done.  The odor issue isn't as bad as it was but there are still a few days that it is a problem.  Snow removal in the winter time is delayed at best and then it's only the parking lot.  We usually have to clear the sidewalk and in front of the doors.
I am extremely unsatisfied with building managements inability to fix the broken front door. Instead they just put up some cones in front of the door and left it like that for several MONTHS. Coincidently, the door was finally fixed a week before this survey. Further, this is the second occurrence of the front door being broken and the same thing was done then as was done this time. Cones were put up and months went by. This is disappointing and unprofessional.
Having worked over 20 years in condemned federal buildings with mold, lead based paint, flooding rooms, asbestos, amongst other things. I feel like I am in the Taj Mahal now.
will be moving into refurbished workspaces where the partition walls are lower (most people can see over) concerned about noise / conversation interference.
I work in a great building.  Those who do security and cleaning do a wonderful job!  Thank you.
we are not provided furniture appropriate for computer usage.\My dissatisfaction with security concerns the metal detector at north garage entrance.  It goes off for everyone, all the time. Not calibrated correctly.\office trash pickup should be after lunch, every day, not the morning after.   Lunch trash on Friday sits  until Monday morning. \hallways are never painted, and the color is awful with fluorescent lights\parts of the north garage are crumbling
More natural light is needed.
The personal workspace in my building is too crammed and does not provide enough privacy for working. Something needs to be done to correct this.
I work in an old building that has had some improvements done over the years but it is still an old building with few windows and mostly asphalt parking for the exterior. I work remotely 4 days a week so the aesthetics of the building don't bother me. The bathrooms near my office area work and are basically stocked with toilette paper, paper towels and hand soap. The automatic faucets are very nice. There are some plumbing issues - like a running toilette in one restroom and dripping faucets in another - that should have been reported by the cleaning staff (maybe they were but they just haven't been fixed in the last month or two).
Since it erased and wouldn't let me say where this is, I will list it here:\\Dept. of Homeland Security\Transportation Security Administration\United States\Michigan\Flint\Bishop Airport
Presence of security team has improved in the last few months, which is greatly appreciated.  There a damaged stall door and degrading grout and occasional lack of supplies (soap, liners) in restrooms.  Have occasionally needed to dust my own desk.  Temperature has been an issue, but addressed frequently.  Issues are often addressed quickly, which is appreciated.
The Patient Advocate's Office should not be collocated with New Veterans enrollment.  We should not be exposing our unhappy Veterans to our newly enrolled Veterans.
The Richmond Field Office has expanded well beyond the original design and use of the building.  The current requirements and use of space should be assessed to consider reconfiguration of rooms and workspaces.
We are not connected to the LAN; during each workday, we experience multiple disconnects to accomplish our work. Dedicated telephone line not next to desk--i.e., it is on the opposite side of the room, and I use an extremely long extension cord.
Repair of some facility conditions takes too long. For example, one of the security gates in Building 75 has been out of service for months and this limits the number of staff who can proceed through the checkpoint at a given time.\\We have recently been notified that a clock tower is going to be built in the area known as the quad. In my mind, this is a huge waste of taxpayers' money.\\The parking space striping in the parking lots is fading and in some places is barely visible. Parking is a huge problem and without visible lines staff may begin parking in ways that cause their cars to take up more than one space. The parking space lines should be repainted ASAP.
WE HAVE A LARGE  OPEN OFFICE  WHICH 2 DOCTORS, 2 RN'S AND 2 LPN'S ALL HAVE DESKS. I WORK OUT OF ONE OF THE EXAM ROOMS MOST OF THE DAY.WHILE WE ARE SEEING PATIENTS.
I'm dissatisfied with our office space.  We have had for many months a trash can that catches water whenever it rains, due to a leak in the ceiling.  Property mgmt. will not fix the leak, instead we use the trash can. It is unknown if we have mold in the ceiling.  An air quality test has been requested as several of us in the office space have allergies and/or asthma. There is scaffolding both inside and outside the building due to glass breakage.  Instead of fixing the problem, they use the scaffolding to protect us from falling glass.
Plenty of drawer space of different sizes, but any partitions or dividers or hangers in the drawers that might have been there have been gone for at least 5-7 years.  Everything in the drawers is laid down - looks more like a 'junk drawer' than a work desk.
Vandalism of vehicles and theft common in parking lot.
The staff and patients have outgrown the current space we have.  On a daily basis, we have to make adjustments so staff can utilize exam rooms for patient care.  The unit looks great as a whole!\-Our break room is too small (it would be nice to have a TV in the break room like Dental)\-not enough exam rooms\-not enough workspace/offices for LPN's, MH, PharmD, Social Work\-It would be nice to have an ice machine/water station/vending machine on the floor that way staff and the female veterans have access without having to go to another floor.
Insects are a major problem; annual infestations are annoying.
We only have 1 security guard for lobby. We have 2-300 people a day that we see (This does not include the guest our claimants bring with them). When the guard is making his rounds outside, he have no one inside to protect us. We do not have our metal detector up and working to provide a safer work environment.
The parking is always an issue and non government employees park in the secured parking lot and their agency does not pay for those spots.   The building manager seems to pick and choose who can park in any vacant spots which leaves it unfair to others.
My area houses 18 occupants with little space for privacy as with my functional statement is indicated. When everyone is in place the noise level increase to that of a call center in a foreign country. The overcrowding in my area impedes productivity and does promote potential safety hazards.
Common areas especially the restrooms are in very poor condition and poorly maintained.  The plumbing backs up in the toilets periodically and the building response is slow even after being contacted.  There is an untreated roach infestation in the restrooms that is problematic and that spills out into the Hallway common areas from time to time.  Building security is present but generally very lax.
The mold in this building is ridiculous. Brings on my allergies which triggers my sinuses which triggers my Vertigo. I have left more times I can count due to this.
I have never worked in a more filthy place.  The housekeepers refuse to clean my office even when a toilet in an adjoining room overflows and floods my office.  I have to buy my own cleaning supplies and clean my floors.  I have to buy my own trash bags and take out my own trash.  I have to use a filthy bathroom that is frequently out of toilet paper, soap and towels.  When there are plumbing issues, it is hard to get them fixed.  The phrase I am told when I ask for these to be addressed is "We are at half staff and patient care areas have first priority.  This is true even though my office door is in a patient waiting area.  This gets old after decades of the same song.
I extremely hate using the adult building blocks to stack my key board and mouse on as I am 6'5" and it still requires me to bend down and to stack and remove the adult building blocks every time I want to go up or down.
The lighting in the building is florescent lighting which affects me adversely, causes headaches and triggers migraines. I cannot modify this b/c my lighting affects others that are near me (lights are connected to other panels)
Building 62 is an old building on Bedford VA Hospital's campus.  It has on-going need for repairs.  Staff do their best to repair issues as they arise.  However, it is frustrating to have on-going plumbing/water issues.  Concerning space, there is not enough for the needs in the building.  Soon I will be moved out of my office space for another staff member; it is unclear right now where I will go.  This is frustrating since my position needs an office on the units for the veterans and their family members.
Please have windows cleaned.  They are extremely dirty!!!  Restricts light and is depressing, frankly.
The facility seem to be well maintain, but there are issues like:  the chair's armrest are torn, and not enough stalls nor urinal on each floor.
Sometimes my cubicle feels a little warm/stuffy. I think the overall air ventilation could be better. Some conference rooms (e.g., HQ 181) have air circulation problems - gets too stuffy and hot with people in there, and no way to adjust anything.
single person office is needed to ensure privacy to deal with personnel issues and to minimize noise (mostly from numerous conference calls) that happen each week.
The desk is too short for me to comfortably sit with my legs underneath. Also, sit-to-stand desks should be standard
The building temperature is too warm on summer days and there is an odor of mold in the contracts area of the building.
I have an amazing window office which is fairly large.  In the future i would make more smaller window offices and larger non-window offices.   That would be more equitable - choose a window or choose a larger office.
The food in the cafeteria is too expensive.
I was initially able to find my agency and got very close to the correct building.  Then when looking at the recap of my answers, it blanked all of that information out.
building services should be done when patients are not scheduled.  In the past few months we have had patient safety issues due to installation and maint.  We tell the workers that this is not a good time to block hallways, etc and are ignored.
lack of personal and work storage.
not satisfied with the design, people who do our jobs should have been consulted about the layout of the rooms ,etc. It doesn't work or flow well at all. Poor design. When we ask for items and specifics we where given, what they had on hand not what we needed and told to deal with it. Interior design is very hard to get in touch with and not friendly at all.
Work station and work space is sufficient for my needs
There are no security people at this Clinic.  Sometimes at night I have to step out into a dark alley behind a bar.  There are guys hanging out there sometimes and it creeps me out.  I do not feel safe.  Once in the building we have a security box, it is sometimes no alarmed and sometimes broken down.,
I prefer and work better in an enclosed single-person office. However, I am moving into a new office space with cubicles.
My office's "swing space" work space on the second floor of the Green Building (Suite 2000) is freezing at almost all times.  Almost every day I have to put a sweater on.  Also the cafeteria tables appear dirty – on a regular basis. I personally have never seen staff cleaning the tables.  My colleagues and I have noticed the same bits of food and stains on the same table for weeks.  And we’ve noticed other users frequently picking up napkins to wipe off their own tables.  I complained to Elwyn Services and never heard back.  Finally since we moved to our swing space, I can't tell you I know of GSA checking in on us to see if they could help us with any of a number of issues we've had - like we have several data ports which are inactive; all the data ports should be active (e.g., in our small conference room space).
I have one additional concern about security.  The officers we have on our reception floor are no longer permitted to wander and inspect the other floors of our building due to their clearance and status as contract employees.  I am 100% satisfied with them personally, but am concerned about how much security they can provide the office when they are not permitted into our interior work space.
My only suggestion would be to stop cramming the paper towels in the restrooms.  They don't come out early in the morning and after lunch because they are crammed in there super tight which leads to torn paper towels all over the floor and a huge waste of resources.   A minor note but it would lead to less waste and saved money over time.
The layout of the office leaves much to be desired
The bathrooms can use an update. Auto-flush toilets would be helpful, because people flush ( or maybe they don't) and there is still a mess in and around many toilets on the 6th floor. The building workers do their best to keep the bathrooms clean, but he customers keep them busy. The ceiling in the lower 2 levels of the building has been falling of cars for years and damaging the paint. The parking lot is currently under construction, and adding to the issue. \Overall. the building is very nice and professionally run.
Just wish they would sweep our halls and vacuum our offices on routine basis, but it NEVER happens.  I have to vacuum my office with a dust buster!
carpeting should be replaced with linoleum or some other type of flooring as it can never be completely, or really even close to completely cleaned.
My space is located by the door, so whoever enters the room they could see me right away.
Too many employees in the same area. Limits computers. NO PRIVACY.
Temperature sometimes becomes too hot in a relatively small area. Air tends to be especially dry in the winter. Some noise issues are inevitable in an open office space.
The partitions between work spaces are filthy. As someone with allergies, it is very troubling to me that these fabric dividers have never been cleaned in the 4 years that I've been here.
My workstation is NOT SET-UP Ergonomically correctly; and it is totally smooshed together with too much office/computer equipment in one area (Needs to be more spread-out, but there's little options with the way that the counter space is laid out.)
The temperature in the building is not consistent. It is hot in the morning and much cooler in the afternoon. One day it is hot and the next day it is chilly. I know you cannot please everyone on the temperature but if it was consistent you would at least know how to dress.
Landlord is slow to correct any issues.  Many have not been corrected that were conditions of the last lease negotiation.  This is not a good working environment.  Many employees sneeze and cough at work but don't when they are not in this building.
water, ventilation, and cleaning is awful in this building.
The desk area is not comfortable. My job is designed for me to sit a lot but if we had the desk area that we could raise and stand sometimes as we do work (VERIDESK), it would assist with my work being completed more pleasurably and efficiently. Sometimes if I sit too long my feel swells.
Please consider deep cleaning the bathroom floors. They smell of urine and the grout is filthy. Please also consider buying a heavier or better quality paper towel as I need 3 just to dry my hands. It no longer sounds cost effective if we need 3 to do the job of 1. Additionally, the soap is terrible. It barely lathers and is extremely drying. The carpet has been removed from my floor but there does not appear to be measures in place to keep the floor clean and dust free.
insufficient meeting rooms
Furniture does not match space allocated.
We have pods of desks with short partitions, but they are not assigned to us personally.\\The shower rooms have signs saying you can only use lockers for 2 hours, but this is unfair to bike commuters - no time for your clothes to dry during the day. Would rather have assigned lockers for dedicated commuters, and a second bank of non-assigned. That way we could also leave shampoo/etc overnight.
There are water leaks in the garage along the east wall (I think it's east) that result in large puddles when it rains making some parking spots unusable unless you want to get your feet wet.  I have felt the building tremble like an earthquake from the construction on the Eisenhower Memorial (at least I think that is what it is) which is kind of unnerving.  It would be nice if they could upgrade the water fountains to filtered/cold water made to fill water bottles on all floors (like 2nd floor).  The carpet and walls behind the glass doors in the Secretary's suite on the 7th floor are in dire need of a replacement/paint.  They look very shoddy.  Additionally, while I appreciate all of the "shelter in place signs," they are unsightly.  I recommend removing or replacing with something less intrusive unless they are required by law.
Very satisfied to have a workspace with windows; very concern with outdated ventilation system; very noisy; interferes with verbal communications and concentration.
The partitions are actually the desks.  They give you no privacy.  You sit next to one another and sometimes you cannot hear when talking on the phone.
Unfortunately, it seems the office plan was not well thought out. The current layout is similar to a bullpin in a collections office.  Our clients complain that while in speaking to colleague that is in the office - a full business conversation can be obtained as a result of noise and a lack of privacy.
Personal workspace/cubicle setup is fine. Building is dilapidated. Security personnel are professional, but security measures and overall security of building is lacking. Building is a death trap if there were a fire or other incident requiring rapid evacuation.
NASA pays money in the new facilities to sustain empty personal office space for employees teleworking, on leave, on extended off-site training/details, and on travel. Many cubicles are empty a good amount of time.  This may not be the best office strategy as funding gets more constrained.
All maintenance and security staff are professional, helpful and friendly to interact with.
FIX THE DAMN ESCALATORS!!!!! They have been sitting idle for over 2 years, and we have been given NO explanation about what happened, why they are unusable (even as steps), or when they are expected to be repaired. We keep getting surveys, keep being promised that our input matters, and keep being told that GSA cares. And yet the broken escalators and the silence surrounding their condition persist. Fix them.
Its an old building but we need hot water to wash our hands, mold free breathing.
We have huge case files and the standard desk is not large enough to set out multiple exhibits that we need to be able to reference quickly.  I need a larger desk.
Even though they clean the bathrooms 3 times a shift there is a smell that they can not get rid of it.  The federal Safety Officers do not make rounds here at the Community Resource and Referral Center on a regular basis.  We barely see them once every 3 months.  I think if their presence was seen more often it the drug use would decrease among the Veterans.
Roof leaks and there are water stains on the ceiling tiles.  Most likely mold and no fire alarms or emergency alarms.
Please have the stairwells cleaned. The stairs are filthy, grim has built up on the corners. When we have visitors we often need to use the stairs and it is embarrassing. I have noticed that the windows are getting cleaned (both outside and inside - and I specifically notice the ones in the stairwells). This is good, as some have not been cleaned in years. But not all of the windows have been cleaned yet.\in case it didn't come through, I work for USDA in the South Building at 14th and Independence, Washington, DC.
Cubical is too small to review E-size plan sets.Building security failed to follow protocol for a recent suspicious package and didn't react properly when a shooting was taking place outside our building.
I need to be in Building one but I have no space for the clinic to grow to accommodate patient access or for me as the head nurse of that area to even have an office.  I have gone to the Space Committee 4-5 times and now I have to wait for ELT to decide.  I have to call on rental properties for the Women's Health Clinic to potentially be moved to because if I don't it will not happen ASAP in order to then allow at LEAST 6 months to get computers set up and the clinic move to allow my providers to have more space to allow increased access for veterans and an office for myself.  As a nurse, I was told by the Space Committee to go ahead and search for properties and make some calls and let them know.  Parking has been an issue for that last 34 years!  Now suddenly because the city is fighting back and said no longer can staff park in the community that ELT is taking notice.  It is not fair to the employees or the veterans that this has been put off so long.  The Director parks his car in Engineering so why can't the rest of the employees.  How is that fair to everyone?  Parking needed to be a priority a very long time ago as this was the number one complaint for years.  However, it has not been taken seriously but yet the 7th floor had the funds to build some ELT suite that contains the best items money could buy.  As a veteran and an employee this is a slap in the face.  Fix what people are complaining about.
Little to no privacy
carpet and drapes must be from the 1970' era
I would rather have higher partitions to avoid hearing phone conversations of my coworkers.
This building is NASTY. Water stains on the hall walls from water leaks, mold, and the hall carpet are filthy. The water in the water fountain comes out brown. I don't know how this building passes inspections.
Cleaning is the number one issue for me. There is no one to clean our office or our office bathroom. We have had to do it ourselves with cleaning supplies brought in from outside/home. No one empties trash if it is in the office we have to take trash cans into the hospital. Also recycling that is put in a recycling bin is subsequently put into the trash because larger recycling containers are too difficult to access according to our cleaning staff. We have been told by staff that there are not enough cleaning staff to clean offices.
I love this building and it's location in the city. The only recommendation I have is an extra picnic table outside, possibly more lights in the parking lot in the winter time (difficult to do in Alaska), one after thought was not capping all of the enclosed office spaces.
I prefer a workstation with partitions that most people cannot see over when seated, but I'm grateful for what I have now, it's better than not having any partitions.
The structure of the buildings at the Census Bureau headquarters are really difficult to navigate, and it is really easy to get lost. There is also no way to know exactly where you are going based on the room number. Sometimes you have to go up and down elevators because you went to the wrong side of the building because of the overlap between K,H, and J sections of the building. It is very inconvenient.
Cleanup Schedule for restrooms should be very early or end of the day.
When GSA has an employee of a contractor that has violated Federal Sexual Harrasment laws, they take the side of the male contractor and disregard the female. The contractor has made up lies, after GSA did nothing, and the woman is now a victim TWICE! Once by the pervert and the other by GSA. The lady has a documented disability of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder due to traumatic events of the same nature that the contractor's employee was. There is documented evidence of the employee admitting to saying a vulgar inappropriate and sexually natured comment. The contractor stated that his employee simply just did not think before speaking. The comment was, "Oh, there she goes! Deep throating again!"
Overall the building and maintenance are excellent. I enjoy coming to work, and the building contributes in a large way to my effectiveness on the job.
My office was recently reorganized so users are back to back when at their desks.  Because there is a large duct or post in my office and (apparently) only the standard shape desks could be used there is now about 18" x 36" of inaccessible space going to waste.  More flexibility would have been nice.\\The recent kitchen remodels resulted in pleasant, well thought out spaces.  The décor is simple and inviting and provides a brief respite to the office. \\It would be nice to have a change machine near the ATM in the lobby so that employees could break larger bills for the vending machines.
Why is there no question about the location of the building and proximity to the Metro??? I think that's a major determinant in how staff feels about the building. I'm extremely happy about being right next to the Union Station Metro station and I don't like the idea of longer commute and having to walk up to 10 blocks to a potentially newer building.
This building is 60 years old and in need of either a major overhaul or a new facility.  Performing air traffic services from the tower are not ideal considering the tower is an inadequate height and a lot of the surfaces are not visible.  Heating, cooling, and plumbing issues are always a problem.
GSA constantly fails to fix things or respond to issues.  They will pretend to do something but in the end nothing changes and they never explain why.  They do not require contractors to do noisy construction outside of business hours and it is has disturbed several conferences I had with external customers.  Overall the job GSA does on this building from pest control to HVAC to general responsiveness is terrible.
Thanks
I want to be clear that the Melwood folks are awesome.  They do the best with what they have to work with.  The bottom line is that our building is smelly, gives us sinus infections, and is falling down around us.
The facility is required to provide more workspace for us to accomplish our mission. They have made promises and keep on falling short.
Something in the ventilation or carpet causes my allergies to flair up every time I am to report to my office. Also Monday morning it is extremely warm in the building due to the air being off over the weekend. A fan is needed all the time in my office. There is no thermostat in our office space and our temperature is controled from another space usually empty.
Outstanding work space
Employees in this office often start very early in the morning due to mine operation times. Most winter mornings, snow and ice removal is not completed until later in the morning. This creates a hazard to employees entering exiting the building.
none
There appears to be no security in he parking garage.  Handicapped spaces fill up quickly.  Handicapped parking at level B is by large posts and it is difficult to exit without hitting a post.  There are no automatic doors by level B handicapped parking.  Very difficult for those with limited use of hands or in a wheelchair or using cane/crutches.  Parking is very tight.  We were under construction in main areas for over a year.
Sadly the cafeteria in our building is hardly used because the food is terrible, the prices are too high for the amount you get, selection is sparse, but mainly because of the very slow service. The people who run the cafe are nice, kind people but they do not know how to multi task orders and it often causes us to be late for meetings. Often a person will stand at order counter for five or more minutes before the cook even acknowledges you're there. It is faster and cheaper to run out or walk across the street to get food.
From what I understand our workspaces now will be better than when we move.  I am on a virtual team and being made to be in the office more, so a lot of my time is on conference calls and when we move we are going to an open space which will not help the noise factor I experience now with partitions and it will make it very difficult to do my job if I now need to be in the office for 4 days instead of just 1.  I need a quite area to work and it is not reasonable to have to pack up my things and move when I need to work, as I need it all the time and just once in a while.  I do not work on team projects with people in my office, it is all done through telecommunications.
printing work stations problematic at HUD.  Print on my own at home on my telework days.
Need soap dispensers in the bathrooms. We currently have old soap containers and even small Dawn dishwashing liquid bottles in the bathrooms that are refilled regularly. Unacceptable for a federal government building.
The open workspace is very distracting and noisy.
I work in an open area--much like a reception desk
Be nice to have Motorcycle parking in rear or side parking areas. There are unused areas that can be marked to offer parking for Motorcyclist.
Furniture and cabinet placement was non-functional and cannot be modified.  Only one heavy, stationary visitor chair, making 3-4 person conferences very inconvenient. Desk placement results in high glare on computer screens that cannot be adjusted for height, making computer work a strain on eyesight.
our office is crowded, it lacks meeting space, we are surrounded by a wall of old paper files that should scanned/stored. The space is NOT weekly vacuumed and dusted. the carpet is the original dingy one. \we often have to complain about the trash being "forgotten" to be picked up.\In our department, we are all equipped to telework but the option is NOT available/approved. \the police officers on campus lack the ability to use turning signals, yet, they pull you over if you don't. My point is, everyone should follow the rules!\the MLP 10 parking garage has puncture hole on the ground, large enough to trap your feet. \The parking garages elevator, often do not work; when they do, it is only 1/4. The stairs or elevators are not cleaned or swept.\I can think of more items but I have work to do.
This is an inappropriate building for DHS/ICE which needs much more protection that can be afforded in a public commercial and hotel building.  There is an attached garage where anyone can park and attempt a terrorist threat.  No control over who enters/exits building, again for terrorist purposes.  In appropriate to be brining detained individuals through a public lobby where hotel and business guests are circulating.\\Whoever chose this location for DHS/ICE was not thinking.  As a luxury building, with a great view of the lake, it's wonderful.  But, GSA needs to put our safety as federal employees first, which it clearly didn't think of.  Moreover, my area as only one way to get in/out that is allegedly in compliance with fire code.  I find this incredible because if that entrance is blocked or there is an active shooter situation, we have no alternative way to escape from harms way.  This was a very stupid decision to put DHS in this building.  And, the other tenants let us know they do not like having us here.  Moreover, they have removed our name from the list of tenants in the lobby so people don't know where to find us.  We need a place that is solely for us with guards that monitor all individuals who enter/exit and where there is no ability to park a truck/car full of explosives!  Didn't GSA learn anything from the Oklahoma incident or 911?
I can walk into the building and find a security person sleeping - more than once.  There is no enclosed conference rooms available for all tenants to use that accommodate large groups/meetings, so security has to be arranged or violated for use of these types of conference rooms that do exist.  Building is not friendly for disabled/handicapped individuals - some things are in place, but not consistently or enough.   Not enough handicap parking since 4 days are required in the office now.
none
The space is narrow and has inadequate storage. Lighting is fine during daylight, but goes out at times once it gets dark - either from seasonal darkness or late working hours.
We need better cleaning supplies for the bathroom toilets on a daily basis, and something to put down the drain for the smell that comes from it on a bi-weekly/monthly basis.
Our work area has been swept and mopped maybe once in the three years we have been in this department.  Floors are very dirty.
Another company's construction has been the only real issue this year - it has been going on for several months- is incredibly loud & very disruptive (i.e. demolition, drilling, etc.) and conducted during business hours.
The work space is comfortable for 1 person but sometimes I have show a co-worker how to do something and it is not conducive for 2 persons.
Lactation suite does not have enough rooms, the pumps are outdated and we're unable to use them (without risk of cross contamination because parts are no longer readily available for this model), and the fridge and lockers frequently break. A microwave in the lactation suite would also be extremely helpful for sterilization purposes. Thanks!
No space allotted for veteran privacy.
My workspace is very comfortable and fucntional.  My only minor issue is a need for new furniture.
The move for building 67 is unwarranted and unneeded. People designing this did not consider our input.
the cafeteria is horrible
I am extremely dissatisfied with the cleanliness of the building.  The cleaning person spends about half an hour a day and does not do a good job of cleaning.  several times I have had to point out to management issues regarding this.  The area the public sits in is not cleaned daily.  The public has pointed this out to me and I have observed this myself.  The area I sit in has been vacuumed once this year.  I have pointed out that the bathroom has not been cleaned, walls have not been wiped down and the floors are not mopped daily.  I do not have faith in this survey as I have been told this issues have been raised previously, but we do not see any changes.
Couldn't be happier!
IF A PROBLEM WOULD ARISE WHERE I WOULD NEED AN IMMEDIATE EXIT, IT IS BLOCKED. AT ONE POINT IF I SAT AT MY DESK THEN MY BACK WAS TO THE VETERAN!  NOW WE HAVE ADDED AN ADDITION TO THE DESK SO I AM FACING THE DOOR BUT, THE DOOR COULD BE BLOCKED TO WHERE MY EXIT IS NOT POSSIBLE.
We need more natural lighting.  The carpeting needs to be shampooed more often and the partitions need to be cleaned.
Overall cleanliness of personal offices and admin space are deplorable and receive little to no attention by housekeeping. If I want something cleaned, I have to do it myself. \\Also, maintenance of heating/AC is non-existent. Conservation efforts mean that heat/AC is turned off in our area after hours. The place is extremely uncomfortable to work in until utilities have a chance to "catch up" again which is usually around 11:30 am - noon. My office is habitually COLD all year round, necessitating the consistent use of a space heater no matter what season it may be outside. Repeated reportings to Facilities Management have not produced results.
Would like more ergonomic furniture.  Standing desk.
This survey relates to Building 100, Old Admin Building, that has had sewer problem, mold and asbestos problems.  I'm advised they are trying to fix all of this by next Fall.  Hope so, it's ugly now.
Would like to be able to have a door to stop people from entering when on conference calls.
Phoenix VA MED CENTER needs weapons-metal detectors.  All potentially volatile or behaviorally challenged veterans (they often have "Behavioral Flag" warnings on their patient records) in this region of AZ are required to receive their Primary Care within the main hospital. They are banned from the CBOC's off-site.  Why is the building that holds the most potentially dangerous veterans without a weapons-metal detector at each entrance?  The CBOC's, and all other Federal buildings, ALL have metal detector systems.
Guards are present but sometimes spend too much time speaking with others to be aware of surroundings.  The office areas are not kept clean to include vacuuming and removal of cobwebs in corners.  Bathrooms are being remodeled; however, the floors were not sealed to ensure floor can be kept clean.  We had our office kitchen remodeled a few years ago and I would not have paid for the work as it is.  Carpets have not been cleaned since they were installed over 6 years ago.
I addressed the temperature, lack of cleanliness of restrooms, and issues with elevators already. The gym and locker room are never cleaned unless I put in a ticket to facilities and then I get comments about being picky when the locker room restroom lacks soap, paper towels, and toilet paper as well as being completely gross with hair and body fluids on the floor. The lunch room never has soap unless we bring it in ourselves. Our offices are never vacuumed and we were told not to vacuum them ourselves so the carpet gets really gross. Even when we are told they are cleaned it is clear when I come back that the carpet has the same debris on it. The office temperatures get so hot that it is uncomfortable to work and there are frequent odd smells like gas in the morning coming from the air vents.
I painted my workspace, got rid of the old, outdated furniture, and bought my own to have a nice, updated work area that is functional.
Will be better when they renovate..The buildings are very old and need tlc.
work spaces are not well designed and once they are in place it seems to be an act of Congress to change them; not ergonomic; somewhat dependent on layout of the building which is not always conducive to a good use of space; would prefer work spaces with less partition and isolation
Building is old (1950s), steam heat pipes leak and need to be replaced, roof leaks and needs to be repaired, no air-condition, building is settling - walls cracking, floors are slanted, entrances & halls barely meet wheelchair access, no wheelchair access for bathrooms.  A new agency building is needed for staff.
Building temperature is usually OK in winter.  In summer I have been bringing in jackets, sweaters and space heaters.  Really!  The common space in this building is not a place I care to sit in for lunch due to the general unpleasant noise and dirty dishes.  The refrigerator is generally full of old BBQ bottles.  I used it once on my very first day here and my lunchbox smelled like mold.  Gross.  That was about 2 1/2 years ago.
Its designated as a single person office but i share it with one other person.
The building is just absolutely too cold year around. I feel that the carpet in the inner offices need shampooing sometimes and not just common areas etc. I've learned that several employees have attracted some sort of respiratory condition due to what may be potentially in the carpets. Not sure when the last time carpet was purchase. Thanks for the opportunity to weigh in on this survey !
There is a storage closet in my office space and I get interrupted while I am working by people that need supplies from the closet.
standing desk does not fit appropriately with desk, so when sitting, it is lopsided and slightly tilted making it hard to work. Need more single offices since it's hard to work when roommates are having meetings
Referring to C terminal
Our workstations now provide an adequate amount of space. While reviewing engineering drawings (2 foot by 3 foot) you cannot review more than one at a time.\\Planned modifications will reduce desk space so this will become more and more of an issue. As well, lowered cubicle walls will likely mean more interruptions and distractions leading to lower work productivity.
A/C improvement needed during PM hours
Overall I am extremely satisfied. Over the last year our division has used money budgeted to it to purchase enough monitors for the division to have dual monitors in it's workspaces. Which has made work tasks go faster and documents easier to read. However recently these monitors have been given to another division in order to onboard new contract employees based on workstation usage. Although I'm not sure the employees that were previously sitting in that area and would move to the previously unused workspaces were accounted for. Hopefully workstation usage and monitor demands can be reassessed at a later date to address dual monitor availability.
I am in a cubicle without privacy while interviewing my claimants. They claimant complains a lot due to the lack of privacy.
It appears that building managers do not want the federal employees there.
I am in the field and do not work out of one specific office.
Overall I am satisfied with the building however, there are a few specific items to note.  \The keyboard tray attached to the office furniture is located in a very poor spot and I do not use it.  These trays should not be mounted until the employee moves into the office space and can decide where it should be located.  Stairs are not cleaned frequently enough.  Vacuuming of office space or general space (hallways, etc.) does not happen very often.
For the most part, this isn't too bad a place to work. We make do with small and few restrooms that are way inadequate for the 400+ people that work here. There's no adequate vents in the breakrooms for when people cook fish or burn popcorn. Sometimes the A/C gets cranked up so high I have to put a coat on when it's 115 outside, which is ridiculous. The cleaning crew is the best for what they have to work with. My cubicle does the job just fine, truth be told. I have no issues with noise. The vending machines pretty much suck most of the time. Outside is okay except when the other businesses drop nails or sheetrock screws.
There is one and only one door from a conference room that open into a high-traffic corridor and poses a safety problem.  This is opposite the emergency exit and could pose a hazard to evacuating staff when that door is opened
building management personal is very professional and efficient
The Switzer Building needs:\\A water filtration system/water fountain with filtered water that can accommodate tall, refillable bottles.\\Common area(s) where employees can take a break and/or eat lunch that are not located on their own work floor. We should not have to leave the building to eat lunch or go to another office's work area for our breaks, if we are seeking privacy to enjoy the break.\\Also, the toilet water's sanitation additive (if that is what it is) should not be yellow.  It makes it look like the toilet is dirty with someone's waste when you go to use the bathroom.
There was, at one point, a survey done to see which of the cubicle holders on the aisles of the areas would like a covering for the glass partitions which faced the aisles.  Although several of us requested coverings for our partitions, nothing was ever done.  Is this still an option or not?
I feel that the conditions of the actual buildings at my institution are not in good condition.  The Federal Government are not providing the need resources to repair and to do preventative maintenance on the buildings.
The Forest Service (Region 9) doesn't always pay our rent so I cant blame the landlord for withholding repairs to doors and things like that.
Not having access to a kitchen sink (which requires one to wash dishes in the bathrooms) and not having hot water is unacceptable.
ample space, good infrastructure regarding electricity and computer needs.
It has been brought up to my attention that Jack Darling likes to turn off the AC and or Heat during the weekends.  Claiming to conserve energy.  However, the temperatures in the bldg. are unbearable on Mondays.  On Monday June 25th, June 30th and July 2nd have been the worst.  Indoor temperatures have reached up to 81 degrees F.  Which makes it a miserable place to be.  Per OSHA regulations an office temperature should be between 69-76 F. not 81... Jack Darling's methods are violating the OSHA regulations and are putting the health or those of us working here in danger.  JACK DARLING MUST STOP TURNING THE AC AND HEATING OFF DRUING WEEKENDS.   \We have the same problem during the winter.  It is so cold in our offices that we are forced to ware our outdoor jackets until the building warms up.  As a tenant, this is unacceptable. JACK DARLING'S PRACTICES MUST STOP!
Room is too cold almost always.  I no longer have the ability to adjust the temperature myself.  Please allow us the ability to adjust a few degrees, the human body's ideal temperature varies from person to person.
We need to be able to compost!
There's rumors that the primary care clinics are moving to a location away from the hospital. My office is purely administrative, could be a telework most days if allowed. What sense does it make to move primary care away from the ER and rest of the hospitals ancillary / diagnostic services, and keep administrative personnel that have no need to be at the hospital on site with the over crowding, lack of parking, wouldn't it make more sense to save money on ambulance & special mode transfers to 2 location in lieu of one and let your admin folks go to the offsite location and free up space & parking spots?
I wish the office would adopt the hoteling concept. We could cut down on our total workspace by letting people move to different workspaces that fit their current needs.  My cube sits empty 2 days a week when I telework, and when I am in the office I would benefit from more easily changing my scenery. \\Also, I think it is ridiculous that we spend most of our waking hours in a building without basic kitchen facilities for us to use. My office has about 30 people sharing two mini-fridges and a microwave from the 90s. The only place we have to wash dishes is the bathroom, which is why I use plastic utensils and take home dirty dishes at the end of the day.
Problems brought to the attention of the CR or management are not treated with any kind of priority or concern. There is rarely any follow through of what the resolution was and very little input by the employees that are affected by building issues. It just seems like nobody cares and that the easiest fix to make the situation go away is always taken. There are never a full set of lights working at any given time and several of the wall pugs for LAN lines have been broken for months now and after tickets nothing has been resolved.
Connectivity to Agency Intranet is spotty at best and not direct. Computer equipment is dated and slow due to connectivity issues.
My office is atrocious. I see clients for an hour to three hours and have no comfortable chairs. My office could be better arranged but has a huge, old wooden desk that is older than the ones interior design has been disposing of. I certainly don't understand how interior design does not have a list of where large items are so that they can be replaced as they age. It's not realistic that employees are going to move a desk that weighs hundreds of pounds so it will be here until interior design deigns that clients with mental health problems also deserve the nice spaces they see in building 1. This darn desk takes up most of the room which makes me have to have my back to clients that might be unstable. I do not feel able to be present with clients with the current arrangement nor safe, at times.
The building management is extremely neglecting when it comes to construction dust coming from the next building. I'm not sure how the building duck system is set up but as soon as the demolition of the next building started, all the construction dust flowed into my floor and settled heavily on everything and everywhere and the building management did NOTHING to fix it. They just asked that renters/we clean the cubicles ourselves. The air quality was unbearable for a long time and I still have allergic reaction to the dust. It also unsettles me that these are actual construction dusts that I'm breathing in. This building management is absolutely horrible and unfit to manage any building.
The building has several entrances; only one is handicapped accessible, and that works intermittently.  The campus was designed without consideration of the effect of wind tunnels; at times the wind can be overwhelming.
I work in D terminal of PHL in an area called hammerhead.  It's got mold in the ceilings, dirty carpets, air quality issues, we can't control the air condition system that is pumped in from the terminal, electrical issues & no windows.  It's very hard to work in this space everyday & the city just doesn't respond or care about us.
Not nearly enough work stations for the number of people assigned to the floor. Main issue is lack of conference rooms/meeting spaces and places where you can hold private conversations. This floor deals with quite a few personal or confidential issues and there is often no rooms open so must talk about it in an open office or tell people we will have to have the conversation at a later time.
n/\\a
Noise levels in open space are too high -- due to employees not being conscious/considerate of their loud voices (when taking phone calls).\Building sensors are not working properly -- shades go down during cloudy weather, and sometimes go up during sunny weather.
1. Small particles and ceiling tile pieces containing fiberglass recently were deposited on desk.  Received no advance notice work was scheduled.  To my knowledge, no one from building checked.  \2.Office is both stuffy (lacking in fresh air) and cold in the afternoons.\3. FPS is arbitrary and sometimes treat employees and visitors badly.\4. Elevators are very slow, and sometimes break down.\5.  A shoutout for janitorial staff.  They work very had and do a great job.
the carpet smells bad, looks bad, I get headaches at work often since moving into the office with carpet.  take allergy medicine daily to help with this problem.
**Major concern:  inadequate response to active shooter situation this month\\Minor concerns:\- No kitchen space\- Vacuuming in offices not frequent enough\- No privacy panels in many men's rooms.
Inconsistent temperatures.
The desk and tables need to be moved and I would have to do a ticket to get this done and they won't change it unless all managers do it and its funny because we all set backwards and do not utilize the tables we should be using to process the work.  I really would like my office to be changed around. There seems to be a lot of empty space that is not being utilized and could have more efficient office space being used for team leads and managers. Cabinets could be moved to a more useful place, planning not worked out to use all space efficiently.
The poor indoor air quality is a consistent problem.  An average of about once a year, when something goes awry, I'm forced to work remotely for many days at a time because I can't be in the building without developing a migraine or experiencing asthma symptoms.  On a regular basis, early Mondays, especially Mondays, I find the air stale, stagnant and unpleasant.  The building finishes are very nice, and the remodel is lovely, but this all seems relatively unimportant when you consider the difficulty I have breathing in this space.
There are water problems in the ceilings and window that I know have cause mold. They have saturated ceiling tiles and they have only replaced tiles instead of addressing problem. Water flow and pressure come a go throughout the day at the sinks and toilets.
There is a bug infestation in our common/break areas and I am afraid to take bugs home without knowing they are in my personal belongings. The area's I work on in Terminal A and B are restricted in space by large glass partitions. These partitions inhibit the overall flow and feel of the screening area.
Since this building was taken over by the Architect of the Capitol, conditions for those of us working for HHS have declined markedly. It's clear that we're an afterthought, even though we're the bulk of the building's tenants.
I work in clerical.  My desk is not big enough for the work I do.  I am an assistant to the supervisor and I take on some pretty daunting tasks.  Need for space for that.
The glass is not cleaned anymore.  The Cafe' is too high and the people are rude.
Noisy, zero privacy.
way the cubicles are set up, there is no lighting directly over the workstation. Which makes it difficult for dark spots sometimes and h need for lamps at the desk.
The security staff is great.  The contractor who makes repairs is great.  The people who clean are also great.
The peculiar layout of this building makes extremely inefficient use of the available space.
I want the air coming from the ventilation system to be checked and I want to know what the results of the testing was. My co workers and I are always coughing and sneezing when the heat/cooler is blowing. We have no way of knowing if its safe or not.
Soundproofing would be good.  Also an enclosed entryway for visitors so that access to the main office is not automatic.  Enclosed space with a door for access to my area..
Storage for files is very limited.
Client privacy can be an issue, so other small rooms/conference rooms are utilized to interview or assist the Veteran.  Trying to complete everyday work can be a challenge since there are 9 other colleagues utilizing the same office space.
well I like it cuz  I live 15 minutes away.
I am satisfied within my work conditions.
the personal space is uncomfortable because you have no control over your personal space temperature. Settings are set at one temperature. Which is usually to cold. The touchless faucets in the restrooms are frustrating to operate, due to inconsistent operation.
The overall design of the office is not efficient.
I would like the fluorescent lighting replaced with something that doesn't buzz and is more natural in its lighting. I would also like more passive security measures such as aesthetic fencing, lit parking structures and things of that nature. We have people wandering through our parking areas at all hours of the day/night.
Please remove the bushes by the bus stop.  The men pissing in them is disgusting.
computers need to be updated. Windows 7 needs to be updated to at least Windows 10 for us to make our rates properly.
My lack of satisfaction is with the cleaning people! They're rude, creepy and lazy! Always sauntering down the hallways, on their phone, being loud, using common spaces like a lounge area, and totally unprofessional! Trash removal is unreliable and the guy is always rude!\Why can't we get better cleaning people??
Currently in a building cramp together due to tornado from 2 years ago.  Working with 2 feet apart.  Hard to get work done with other conversations on work calls, Most workers attend dial in meetings due to lack of meeting rooms.  My work requires concentration, IT programmer.  The future doesn't look any better.  USDA will place us in trailers(modular) with 40 people and only 2 bathrooms.  Also, currently sharing workstations,  I have to carry all of my supplies (that I purchased out of my own funds) and computer equipment(cords, mouse, etc) everytime I come to work.  Pens, paper, folders, etc.
Our outdoor grounds are beautiful. I would like to hire the yard man to work on my yard.
Multi workers at one table, open spaces, people standing next to me while they work, etc. are not suitable for "wrapping" an exam, conducting my bank monitoring or training which represent approximately  90% of the type of work I do while in the office.  Something to keep in mind if my office space is re-designed.
We are dealing with remodeling of a building, so some of us were put in smaller area's to allow for additional people from the building that is being remodeled.  Looking forward to gaining that space back and hopefully having our group not split between two locations.
Minor concern for telephone/conversation privacy with person(s) in adjacent workspaces.
Housekeeping staff are very friendly and welcoming on my unit.  They ensure that the unit is clean, free of smells.
The owner(s) of our building need to spend less money on exterior landscaping and window washing and invest in upgrading the restrooms and plumbing. Paper towels dispensers are always jamming up and do not work. Toilets back up making the restrooms smell. The parking lots have water coming up from under the asphalt and it gets very icy in the winter. Management does not do enough to keep employees from parking in customer parking spaces which impacts our customers ability to more easily access our building. There are always light bulbs burned out. Maintenance should do a weekly walk-through and replace burned out bulbs as I have seen with other GSA leased buildings.
I understand that my current office is larger than future offices will be.  Not looking forward to that!
The carpet in my office is disgusting. I have asked for it to be replaced over a year ago. The trash is only emptied when we find EMS. The room has not been vacuumed in months. When we ask for the floors to be vacuumed they say they do not know where a vacuum is. There is dust on the vents and on all the shelving. The sinks have not been cleaned in my recent memory.
not enough space to store office supplies
Building has a problem with roaches, which are various types, such as "German" roaches and "Palmetto Bugs."  The building is supposed to be sprayed for insects, but I have not seen anyone spray this office in a very long time (this isn't to mean it hasn't been done).  I just feel like if it is being sprayed then it's not working too well.  I've had roaches fall from the ceiling onto my desk, or they're already crawling on my desk or floor around my area.
I would be more satisfied with my work space if I could have a sit to stand desk. The research is clear that sitting for 8-10 hours per day is hazardous for your health. I often am sitting for that long but could easily stand and do my work. The noise level from colleagues in the office on the phone, video skype, or having one-on-one conversations is very loud and makes it difficult to concentrate and get work done. While I am on the phone, many times I put my phone on my mute so the people I am talking to are not distracted by hearing the background noise in and around my cubicle. \\Due to the loud nature of working in cubicles, I would be more productive and be able to focus if we had more small "phone booths" or working spaces where I could bring my computer and close a door for quiet.
Elevators do not go up to the mezzanine without a coded ID card.  I do a lot of outreach functions and move heavy materials with me.  I have been unable to get my card re-coded for more than a year.  I was told it would work with a new card. It doesn't.  An employee should be able to access their office space easily.  This is not the case.
New space built for my position prior to my hire. Very adequate for our working needs.
The maze of cubbies is awful in every respect.
The partition gives little to no privacy. Also, if a co-worker is talking (on the phone or to someone in the office) the conversation can be heard throughout that side of the office, which is a distraction that diminishes my focus.
We seem to have many single person offices and meeting rooms yet out patient therapy is in a former storage  room with 3 persons and equipment. This space needs to be larger to be able to treat the Veterans with the privacy they deserve.
With a bank of 4 elevators and coming in early (by 7:30) one would expect an elevator would come within 10 - 20 seconds of pushing the button.  It is typically significantly longer and it is the maintenance elevator that typically responds.
Lighting is now being improved throughout the floors of the building.
1. Bathrooms are never fully clean.  Either they smell, we never have soap, or the paper towel dispensers are never working.  Employees should not have to go from floor to floor to determine which bathroom is presentable.  2. There is always an issue with the elevators.  It seems like the south side elevators are broken way too often.  3. Floors are never clean.  Fifth floor has tiled floors but there seems to always be scuff marks on them.
it's extremely dusty in the building-i wonder if the air filters are ever changed
I have no privacy within my personal workspace.  It would be nice to have some privacy.  I wish there was a way that building management would alleviate the problems this office space has with the constant dampness and feel of wetness within this space.
Some buttons in and out of the elevators do not work and have been that way for a long time. Sometimes the temperature is too hot or cold in the work areas. \it would be nice if the break room floors were not being washed during the busiest times, like when people are coming in before 9:00 A.M. \Loose stones in the walkway entrance are a danger to people working or visiting the building.
U.S. Department of State \600 19th St NW\Washington DC \\The survey keeps erasing my building info!
In case the building address didn't take, I'm with the IRS at the 77K St., NE building. I am happy with the building and building staff.
The elevators are becoming dangerous. Employees have been trapped on numerous occasions and several have tripped existing the elevator as they often do not stop even with the floor.  Bathroom fixtures are frequently broken  and either wont shut off of have not water at all.  There is never any dusting done  Trash pick up can be questionable as to if it will or wont happen that day.  The building infrastructure is more than 25 years old and nothing is going into maintaining or upgrading it.
Overall, am satisfied with the building conditions.
I love my personal workspace, a cubicle with fairly high partitions and a large window. Most staff were forced to accept shades and get rid of mini blinds on windows.  Blinds were much more suited to seeing out the windows as well as controlling glare. This forced staff to keep shades closed much of the day and many are very unhappy about this.  A combination of mini blinds and shades would have been fine.  Workers were not consulted and requests to leave blinds in place were ignored (I obtained an exception based on disability).  This type of non-consultative decision-making undermines people's sense of community.  Air quality issues have been resolved, I believe.  Floor cleaning is catching up. Decisions on positioning of glass for interior offices on our floor was poor.  But it is great that people in cubicles are at the windows. 12th floor decision not to have any reception space was, in my opinion, unfortunate, as it makes the floor feel like a set of disparate boxes with no center or connectedness. This should be avoided in future remodels as it undermines the casual interactions that produce a more cohesive feeling among staff.
Everyone knows that at the USSS HQ building the bathrooms are crap.  Except, for the 8th floor where all the big bosses sit, they were able to get their bathrooms remodeled.  When people started asking why them and not the other floors, they said it was because they had important visitors and were embarrassed about how the bathrooms looked.  What about the workers, aren't we important.  Don't we deserve remodeled bathrooms as well.  Often, visitors go to various floors, not just the 8th floor.  This is just another example of how executive leadership doesn't care about their workers, always trying to put on a show for the outside.  They need to worry about the inside.
I DO NOT HAVE AN ISSUE PER SE OF THE BUILDING OR THE WORKSPACE. THE ISSUE IS MORE TO DO WITH MANAGEMENTS ABILITY TO WORK IN HARMONY TO GET ISSUES THAT INVOLVE SAFETY OF THE EMPLOYEES AND PATIENTS. THE ACTING CHIEF OF OPERATIONS IN FACILITY MANAGEMENT HAS CREATED AN ATMOSPHERE OF MISTRUST AND PLAIN LAZINESS. THANK YOU.
They need to tighten the toilet seats in the men's restrooms.
The space is not large enough and are not enough LAN connections for all persons to have a workstation. A wireless router has also not been provided to enhance work efficiency.
It would be nice to have a private office, considering most people choose to use there speaker phone instead of a hand or headset.
Access to the federal office space is not secure enough.  Door/locks could seem weak and loose.  Access to the federal office space during business hours is a concern as there is no one at a front desk to direct the public to locations.  The public have come in without anyone knowing and wander until they find someone.  A bell was placed at the door to mitigate this issue, but the bell is not always used by the public to let office personnel know someone is here.  Having a locked door with buzzer to gain access would be best since there is no receptionist or security officer.
Additional attention is required to keep the restrooms stocked. Batteries to power the soap and towel dispensers are an issue as well as soap in the dispensers.
The facilities person is our SSS and has administrative responsibilities. The building is on a cistern and sometimes runs out of water. There should be regular testing/monitoring/maintenance of water systems and internal air systems.
Dissatisfied with potential move to a new building, likely a run-down federal building that will not suit our needs.  Dissatisfied with the furniture in the office.  Desks are broken. we do not have any L-shaped desks.  Witness chairs are broken or stained.
bird problem, feces in and around one of the entrances, and weapon clearing barrel
Not enough surface/desk space to effectively work on projects.
overall great place to work. \only issues;  no windows and no doors in my group office
Because there is no white noise, sound travels through the floor.  You can't hold a conference call at your desk without disturbing the neighbors, which means you have to reserve a conference room.  The conference rooms fill up very quickly.
There are ongoing issues with work areas being to hot. Also, ongoing issues with cleanliness especially in the restrooms.
The break room is too small for the number of occupants in our office. We make it work because several go out for lunch.
I have not been able to perform anywhere near to the standard I used to because of this bizarre open-concept environment.  I'm hoping to find another job that has normal office spaces. I have never disliked my work environment this much. The building wasn't like this when I applied for this position or I would not have applied. GSA remodeled our building and made it "open-concept." Now it's a nightmare to try to perform my job. It's a shame.
The air freshener smell in the bathroom is enough to make you gag. It is this strong, fruity, flowery smell that is so nauseous and awful. Couldn't we go to something more neutral like cinnamon, vanilla, pine, etc. The IRS is big on being respectful of people who are "'scent'sative" to smells, but apparently that rule doesn't apply in the bathrooms. We cant wear perfume because it might put your coworker in an asthma attack, and the same co-worker will not be able to use the bathroom because of the smell!
Not enough space and poor lay out
Could one consider feasibility of softer lighting options?  Cleaning Staff all are kind considerate and hard working at Parklawn facility.  They should all get a raise - they work hard every day - they are professional every day of the year:)   They do a great job every day with little recognition or pay - they deserve better:)  Thank you.
Parking is the worst as no parking is offered or it is too expensive. And for those who do pay, they must park in the 4th floor - when there is ample space in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd floor.  also, my car was hit while parked, personnel mention cameras are not too great. They did not offer to resolve the issue at is was in there indoor parking lot - in which we pay to park on and feel it's safer, but in my case it was not.
Workspace was designed as open cubicles versus consoles based radio communications center. We have excellent floor space but it wasn't designed to be used the way it is being used.
The ability for employees to concentrate in a work environment is very important to productivity. The presence or feeling of other employees looking over your shoulder or straight on into your face is very distracting. Employees need to be able to carry on phone conversations to do their business without either feeling self-conscious for distracting other employees or feeling self-conscious because other employees are listening to their conversations. Employees need to be able to move around without their movements causing distractions to their co-workers. When people are aware they can be seen by others, they behave differently. This includes more verbalization of frustrations, commentary about their work, and more animated movements. These are significant distractions because people do these behaviors to get attention, whether they realize it or not. Obviously, this decreases everyone's productivity. The more open work spaces with smaller partitions are not conducive to a productive environment.
cubicle could be designed better. also does not work well with stand-up desks.
The supervisor's office is too small.  It is designed for one person, but there are two of us and we are constantly bumping into each other, there is very little room to store anything.
My workstation is near a window, yet the partition is placed right in front of the window. The partition blocks the sunlight. What should be a feature is not.
1. blinds can not be closed all the way, so the afternoon sun makes the office uncomfortably warm;\2. unfortunate that we are not allowed to use the stairs, they would be an excellent way to build fitness into everyday coming and going;\3. Garage: the round mirrors near the exits are worthless, do not help exiting driver see pedestrians/bicyclists: they need to be larger and positioned better
This is a federal building that needs a flag pole representing our pride for America.  The front sign at our entrance needs to be updated.  The front of the building could use new paint at the top and the lighted sign could use updating as it is yellow from age.  This is a place we are proud to work for and want the outside to represent the same pride we have.
I can still hear employees at the kitchenette.  The noise level goes up when the office is full and few employees are out-of-office.  That is the how it is with open cubicle set-up.  Another issue was protocols to report building issues.  No ONE established who in BIA we were to contact.  So, we would directly contact Jason.  THEN after a couple of years, they told us to contact the employees in Property.  If management and building management had planned for this in the first place, we would not have needed to directly contact the building manager.  Poor planning on your part isn't our fault.  And then, the building manager would go tattle on us that we reported something.  We get a vague general email telling us to report issues to Buddy, the guy in BIA property.  What if the employees in Property and Mail Room are out of office?  I mean Jason will be nice to your face, but then we get those whiny passive aggressive emails like we ALWAYS do at our Regional Office like we're a bunch of idiots (which we're not).  Do OST, Field Solicitor's Office, or BOR send their employees whiny emails to not call the building manager?  Did THEY already have protocols in place.  I just dislike being treated like a child (or dumb Indian).  I am a collage graduate in a professional position and I'm reluctant to report anything, because those guys in property are out-of-office or sorting mail, or doing inventory and whatever else their job requires that they are not tied to their desks.
Temperature is very inconsistent. They recently found mold. The toilets often leak, run, and don't flush (have to reach in the back and manually flush them). Walls are so thin we can't have private phone or supervisory conversations. It's very stuffy in general.
The 'BOX' for Please provide any additional comments concerning your overall satisfaction, on the last page is not functional. \\Building 193 has been waiting over 4 months for the southeast dock door security card reader to be repaired/replaced.  It was improperly installed and failed due to not being sealed before it experienced its first rain/storm.  Please expedite having it repaired/replaced. Thanks
My furniture is old and pieces do not fit together.  Temperature in the office is unpredictable and inconsistent and there is not way to adjust it.
Booked/occupied spaces are taken by other associates when we leave the space for meetings
Better regulation of room tempreture  is needed. Sometimes it is too cold in the office and waiting rooms.
would be nice if the water in restroom would get hot without having to run the faucet for several minutes
We need barrier walls in this office. We only have one guard and no metal detector
The entire HQ complex is overrun and infested with rodents.  Aside from the health concerns and unsanitary conditions, no one should have to work in an environment where mice are running around causing constant anxiety and stress.
I'm very happy with my workspace and building, as well as the location.
I have no windows and I hope to be able to see outside someday. Being able to see trees / green would improve productivity.
There are multiple issues with the building: 1.) Year after year, the building's management is unable to adjust the temperature of the office or the claimant waiting area in response to the weather conditions (or the outside temperature) -- even after multiple complaints. For example, last summer (in 2017), the claimant waiting area was so hot to the point where a claimant had fallen asleep, fell off her seat and onto the floor. The ambulance came and it was later discovered by the office that she died. The EMT had dropped her while picking her up so I am not saying that she died directly due to the temperature of the building, but indirectly, I would say she was affected by the heat to the point where it made her sleepy. This was not a stand-alone incident, there have definitely been many times in the past several years where the office needed to be closed to the public because the interviewing room was too hot or too cold, beyond reasonable for us to sit with the public. 2.) Building cleaning staff does absolute bare minimum. We watch the one person who cleans the office come every morning, pick up the waste baskets and flip them over so that most of the garbage goes into his bin. If there is too much garbage, he will decide to switch the garbage bag out of the individual garbage bins. This decision is entirely subjective based on the one guy's mood or his opinion of what he considers is worthy of a bag change. Also, when he vacuums, he pushes the vacuum cleaner one time vertically from the front to the back of the office and one time horizontally from the left to the right of the office. He does it for show so that we can see that he had vacuumed but does not actually clean the office carpet. 3.) Sometimes we find giant roaches with their belly up in the window area where representatives have to sit to speak with the claimants and also sometimes we will find roaches in the common area. These are just some of the notable observations of this building from having worked here for the past 4 years.
Parking lot situation is horrible and probably illegal per zoning.  GSA rolled over and let Secretary of State occupy basement.  GSA did nothing to protect our interests.  GSA seemed to care much more about the land lord.  GSA is just awful.
My office temp is based on the employees in the cubes next to the WINDOWS..... the air temp coming from the vents in my office is near 60 degrees!  I have NO control!  It blows directly down on me from the vent.
The building where I work is a 2 story building and it's the Training Dept.  We conduct training in this building and we do not have a working elevator.  the elevator is located outside the building and it does not function. A handicap person cannot use this building.   The water that comes out from the bathroom faucets is brown.  The building temperature is never consistent.  During the winter is very cold and summer extremely hot.
There are blind corners throughout the building without ceiling mirrors, the stairwell doors do not have a window to let people know if there is someone getting ready to push the door in your face. There are not motorcycle parking spaces.  There are blind spots going into and exiting the small parking lot that someone is going to get seriously injured at one day.  People park next to the curb on the side of the building which blocks access to the Fire Department connections. These items have been reported with no action taken.
The highest priority for our building manager is towing cars from the parking lot.  That's the only thing they stay on top of.  They schedule fire alarm tests during working hours and disturb conference calls with the noise.  The carpets are filthy and unsanitary.  The cleaners arrive at 3 pm while we are all busy with work.  They empty the trash bags and are very friendly, but they don't dust surfaces, and vacuum once a week at most and often not at all.  Why can't they come every day, after regular business hours, and clean open surfaces and vacuum every day?  The lovely hard-working woman who cleans the bathrooms at mid-day does an excellent, thorough job.  We rarely have soap in the bathroom sink dispensers.  The pipe in the kitchen sink is too narrow (it's the wrong diameter for a standard kitchen sink) and get plugged up every few weeks.
my unit is being renovated.
I have a standing desk that was acquired from a retiree, which makes work-life much more comfortable
Our building has had multiple problems from Black mold in the walls to tiles falling from the ceiling due to poor construction and replacement of roof during Rain storms and snow storms.  We also have issues with ventilation,where animals get in the heating and cooling ducts and cannot find there way out and die in those ducts and cause foul smelling areas and staff becoming sick. \ \Issues with heating and cooling, areas become so cold that staff and patients become very frustrated and jackets needing to be worn during visits.  Areas become overheated and difficult to work in also at times.\\Issues with office space, not enough office space or space for supplies to be placed.
The floors in the bathroom are reflective. There are doors missing on some of the stalls. \\It is too cold in the building, but it seems the air is turned down overnight, so it's very humid in the morning and the walls in the entryway are sweating which can cause mold to grow. The building selection on the survey doesn't seem to be working, so this is for 423 Canal St New Orleans.
It's freezing cold in this building. People have blankets and coats on during the day.
Very happy.  No complaints.
Snow removal and grounds/building maintenance is a joke.
I love having my own office with a door and window.  It increases my productivity by reducing noise and providing space for files, books, and surfaces to work on.
Our building has improved dramatically, with new/current management.  They've done a great job.
The in charge person of the space/move committee does not seem to care how noisy it's for the front line workers in such a tiny room with 4-5 work stations. The noise are so distracting when all of us on the phone at the same time to the point that patients from the other end having to ask where are the noise coming from.. Very hard to concentrate to perform the daily tasks , especially dealing with older patient's population where you have to raise your voice for patients to hear you...and of course no patient's privacy..
No privacy conversation when interviewing customers.  Having a lot of complains from customers.
The only thing I am not satisfied with is that Patent and Trademark Office employees are on production so often need to work on the weekends, but on Sundays the heating and air conditioning is turned off.  Therefore, you freeze in the winter and bake in the summer if you need to work on a Sunday.
My co-workers and I believe that we were approved for a new site/building, but we have not received updates from GSA
The low partitions lead to both visual and audible distractions and interruptions. This inhibits the employee's ability to focus and concentrate which leads to lower efficiency and productivity.\The low partitions also tend to compromise employee health. If one employee has the flu or a cold, when he or she coughs the germs are easily spread to other cubicles infecting the other employees. Higher partitions would tend to contain the germs in the sick employee's immediate area/cubicle, so the other employees would be less likely to become contaminated and/or infected.
We're moving to cubicles soon. Having started in cubes and considering the current noise level, I'm not looking forward to going back to cubicles.
It would be nice if the building was newer with windows.
The single room also houses a sound treated booth, cutting down on available space
Building is too cold in summer.  Need a blanket or jacket.
AS I HAVE PREVIOUSLY STATED THERE IS NOT MANY THINGS THAT CAN BE DONE WITH AN OLD BUILDING.
The maintenance personnel try to get TRIRIGA tickets handled quickly but there are not enough of them to take care of lower priority requests.
I work for telemedicine.  We have no work space of our own and are thrown into various spaces in various buildings. My office is also used as storage area for the clinic who provides the space. I find it difficult to work well in an environment that has boxes and clutter thrown about. My room is next to bathroom and I hear constant noise in and out.
Work in an office with cement walls.  Would like to have some to take out the humidity.  Feels damp and musty smelling.
The Aura is just off. The morale is low I think it's due to no windows, no fresh air, nothing but 3 computer screens to look at all day. You can't even receive a personal call or make one You have to go into the stairwell and people are still in there. It's horrid they NEVER vacuum then you have to wash dishes in the bathroom because there are no kitchen sinks.
The condition of the Fitness Center is pathetic.  Men's locker room ventilation is poor, very hot and humid. Television video and audio feeds rarely work, screens are blank or frozen, audio feed to exercise equipment does not work. Hot water in the showers only works intermittently.
very small therefore it gets loud if other two office mates are on the phone or having conversations
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE TURN DOWN THE AIR CONDITIONING OR MAKE NEW THERMOSTATS AVAILABLE FOR EVERYONE WHO IS AFFECTED!  IT'S WAY TOOOOO COLD!  Also, please clean the vents in this building. There is black soot which comes out of the vents and a film is left over all of the furniture if the door remains closed for any lengthy period of time.  It's also time to get new stalls in the women's room.  You can see through the cracks and it is not very private.  We pay too much in federal taxes not for these issues to be rectified.  Thank you.
Entire office for one person. Wasted space and no way to keep up with cleaning. Inspections from FPS and others seem unnecessary and burdensome. Everyone seems too scared to announce office closing so they use false statements that taxpayer service is only "temporarily" closed. Entire thing seems like fraud.
I have an office with a window to the outside, a nice feature. My back is to the door, which is bad feng shui. I find that I am started by staff because of this, and a patient could be watching me for minutes without me knowing. Also, I have Tmobile. It does not have any signal in my office, even though I have a window to the outside. In order to stay connected, I would need to connect my smart phone to the wifi. However, the wifi is restricted to patient use, and also it does not reach into my office.
The office temperature has been a major issue for the past year. the noise levels are so distracting it makes it very hard to conduct interviews.
The restroom facilities are terrible!  There is no ventilation, only one restroom (unisex) shared by 8 staff (some not housebroken), the restroom shares a common wall with an inmate cell, the restroom is inside the inmate dormitory and they can hear what is going on.  From my office, I have to walk outside to get to the restroom.  We have frequent, severe thunderstorms in summer.  In heavy rain I am unable to stay dry when I travel to and from the restroom.  My feet and lower part of my body get rained on.
Our workspace has unfinished construction that has been that way for months. There are electrical outlets with trash cans and chairs over them to keep people from tripping.
Control Tower base building continuously leaks without resolution. Water in the building continuously tests bad at unsafe levels. Employees are never advised of hazards in water, are unsure what fountains or sinks are safe or have filters to remove contaminants. Employees are told hot water to wash hands is a luxury, and even though lead or other contaminates my be present should simply run water for at least 5 minutes before using. No resolution until OSHA gets involved.
People should only be allowed to enter through main entrances, not loading docks. Security should be stationed at all main doorways with bag scanners. And smokers need to quit throwing their butts all over the damn place. Smokers shouldn't be anywhere near the building.
Hello,\\The other day I noticed an older worker using a walker, and he was having difficulty getting in to the door of the men's room.  Which made me wonder why there was no button on the wall for him to push to allow the door to open by itself.\\I just walked all five floors of this new FAA building in Des Moines, WA, and noticed that - of the bathrooms that I can find - there are none that have a button that can be pushed to open the door automatically (but I may not have visited every bathroom location).\\Since the FAA seems to hire a fair number of people with disabilities, I am wondering if that demographic status was communicated to the team that built this building.\\The great irony here, of course, is that every - and I mean every - placard indicating bathroom location has a silhouette of a male and female figure, plus a wheelchair image as well.  I suppose that the wheelchair image is present to communicate that the bathroom entry door and the stall doors are wide enough to allow for a wheelchair to pass.\\But getting the bathroom door itself to open (without any power assist) must, for some employees, be a difficult task indeed.\\Is there a formula that determines how many people with physical handicaps have to be employed before such assistance devices / technology is installed?\\Thank you.\\Eric Devereaux\FAA, MPA\email: eric.devereaux@faa.gov
There has been some improvements for sure.  Air quality is still poor.  Temperature control is still a problem, although measures have been attempted.  I believe a dedicated attempt would solve the temperature control, but there is a lack of a will to do so.  Affected people unfortunately also includes the traveling public.
I have a personal office but share hearing rooms with others
There are simply not enough people and the supervisorial desire to preventative maintenance anywhere. So things are fine for a while, then they break, and are fixed (at expense $$$) then they break again a different way then are fixed, ad nauseum.\\It is inefficient, and it leads to things always being broken. For example, when a system pump fails, they always switch to the backup. In the meantime, no one fixes the primary pump. The next failure results in days of downtime, overtime for repairs, expensive rush-shipped parts, etc.\\Or, for instance, the cooling tower water is never monitored/flushed/treated. Which leads to valves in the system gumming up, premature pump failures, and cooling cores rotting out after less than 10 years.\\Penny wise. Pound foolish.
The workspace is good for a cubicle, but cubicles are horrible.  Too much noise.  Zero opportunity for deep, concentrated work.
The NIST scientific mission depends on building support for services such as high purity water. When these services are down for extended periods (4+ weeks), the ability for NIST to fulfill it's mission and support commerce and scientific research is negatively impacted.
air is hot and extremely humid every summer morning, cold and dry by noon- like HVAC is off overnight, takes hours to "catch up".
The Federal Protection Service Officers are awesome!!  We can count on them to assist us if there is an issue and we need their presence.
There is no privacy for speaking with clients or when on the phone. Other employees on the other side of the building can hear every word said.
The building is deteriorating, leeks, and occasionally overflows with sewage. We lack the adequate facilities, both is size and quality, to accomplish our mission.
The building management staff is very professional and attentive.  They do a very good job.
Property Management took very long to correct roofing issues. We had leaks since January 2018 and the problem was not resolved until June 2018. I also have carpet replacement action item pending for over a year now. The landscaping needs improvement and the parking lot needs to be resurfaced and parking spaces repainted. It's a constant battle to get them to get this done.
this whole survey doesn't really apply to me
Fairly satisfied with most aspects of work space.  Minor issues crop up now and then but usually corrected fairly quickly with new ownership.\\***Note***  The correct address of the facility is 225 Tully Street, NOT 235 Tully Street.
At times, the temperature issues affects my ability to work.  We keep hearing "they have a heating and cooling issue, it's an old building, they can't get the parts" to fix it.  In the summer, no one should have to run heaters, but they do.  in the winter, I should not have to use a blanket to cover up in my office, but I do at times.  Other than this temperature issue, I am quite happy with our lease space.
Personnel working in a classified workspace receive inadequate housekeeping services. \\Cleaning corridors and bathrooms in corridors between the primary elevator bank (Hatteras) and the main building exit points during the primary afternoon departure time (approx. 3-5 pm) is counter productive and a nuisance.
3 people to a confined small office space that has no heat or cooling directly coming into the space that work consistently within patient confidentiality parameters is a comfort and possibly a health issue.
I love the maintenance guys and the building manager. They can't help that it was decided that the building was going to be torn down at the end of the contract (2020 or 2021) and no repairs will be done any longer.  I fear for the safety of my employees and coworkers while we are working in this building. \\There is a problem when you have permeant scaffolding over entrances and Atrium for your protection against falling windows. It is not comfortable knowing a window next to where you are working could fall out at anytime. And that falling glass from 8 stories is possible as you come and go from the building. \\And it seems like only once a week are all three elevators working.
My office was converted from one of the glass walled offices, so it is considerably smaller than other supervisor offices.  It becomes more of an issue because I have less space in my office and I have considerable less storage and space for employees to meet.  It can be frustrating at times.
our elevator has been broken for months.  literally months.  there is no temperature control in my office and we are packed in here like sardines.  there is not enough meeting space in our building.  There is not enough parking and you have to walk very far to get to the building.  I don't understand why management parking is closest to the building, and handicapped people have to walk past management parking to get to the handicapped parking spaces.  this makes no sense.  there is lead in our water.  paint is peeling due to condensate leaks.
We need to have the floors vacuumed more often, and when they do vacuum they need to vacuum under the desks.
As I do each and every time I complete this survey, I renew my strong dissatisfaction with the air quality in this facility, particularly Building B.  The difference between Buildings B and C in terms of air quality is enormous.  Building B's air is stale, stagnant, and smells like a revolting mix of old food and assorted other smells/odors.  Building C by contrast smells like fresh air is being pumped in, which is what one would expect.  It is clear that Building B's ventilation is not functioning anywhere near properly and that little to no outside fresh air is being infused into Building B.'s air.  The only thing that surprises me is that no one has yet filed a formal health-related complaint.  It would be a real treat if GSA were to actually address this situation after however many years it is I have been trying to bring it to your attention.  I also lug my own water to the facility because 1) I do not like or trust the taste of the facility's water and 2) public drinking fountains are only good for propagating germs and illness.
Building is dated and old. We have wires hanging from the ceiling down to the floor to connect computers to our internet. Had flooding problems previously. No cubicles so everyone’s desk has computer wires, etc in a bunch hanging off their desk. Looks terrible and unprofessional. Need secure parking. There’s no building security - anyone can Google our office and walk into the building.
The public bathrooms on most floors are filthy.   Inside of toilets are not cleaned.  Not mopped around toilets.  Also, paper towels and toilet paper are often missing in these same bathrooms.  Fortunately, I have access to a bathroom in our agency's space.  That one is very clean.
2100 west Harrison is a horrible work place with inadequate security for the staff stationed there
office is also a satellite laboratory with a large blood draw chair, desk, fridge, etc... With all the items needed for the lab/research, there is very little space for the patient and employee, especially when the patient has a wheel chair, scooter, walker, or another person with them.
Open a work order system for all users. \\Create a Team from each Tenants Office to make weekly inspections of the Building by sections.
Basement office is far away from other team members on the third floor, makes spontaneous meetings more difficult.
The cleaning people do not vacuum very often, and the air quality and flow have been an issue since we moved to this building, the building managers never updated any of the HVAC so the entire building has issues and the thermostat controls are so old they fall apart in your hand! The technicians that come in to fix issues say that the temperature controls should have been updated before we moved to this building, The plumbing in the bathrooms is terrible, we have had to shut down the building in the past because of this problem!
ladies bathroom on 2 elevator side 6th floor no ventilation at all. There is so much dust in that vent if it was air blowing out we would suffocate.
Computer forensics lab
It would be nice to have a workout area w/shower in the building but overall, my personal workspace is wonderful!  An additional stall in the men's bathroom has helped out a lot with being able to use the restroom without a long waiting time.  The cleaning crew is very friendly and helpful with getting issues taken care of when needed!
Please make the partitions between stalls larger and more depth so people do not finish and get urine on the floor.  No access to windows, noise through cracks in joints in ceiling and wall, Hearing phones in next office
More filtered water stations would be appreciated.
The biggest complaint that I have is with the HVAC system. It is cold in the winter and hot in the summer. trying to control with thermostat in the area appears fruitless. It does not appear that the janitor staff actually clean. The bathroom on the public access floor almost always have pools of urine in front of the urinals. overall cleanliness is poor. areas(desks, window sills etc are never dusted.
Our floor (16) is extremely variable in temperature. If you come into my aisle of cubicles, the temperature is noticeably colder than it is in another section of the same floor. You can walk over to the next aisle of cubicles and it is warmer there. I wonder if certain vents on our floor are closed and that's causing the uneven heating/cooling?
More vacuum times per week needed or have earlier or later in day; always seems to be during a meeting so end up skipping for weeks.
The facility lacks storage and a common workplace such as a workbench for carpentry or small scale tool and construction work.
I had a nice office in my prior building.  Now I have a tiny cubicle with excess cubicles piled with junk and nobody allowed to occupy two cubicles.  Everything is on elevated floor with panels that clunk and vibrate with anyone walking by.  $500,000 worth of new cubicles were thrown out because they "couldn't" design the building to use them.  People were forced to get rid of antique agency furniture in favor of modular junk.  Agency lost its character and quality of life at extreme cost to the taxpayer.
Great location and building.
The new chairs are extremely uncomfortable and I have to stand most of the night.  I also bought a 70$ cushion for my seat which helps a little.  Options for seats should be made available to all because I know I am not the only one with an issue.
The restroom on the north side of the 8th floor ALWAYS has a raw sewage smell.  It's unhealthy and disgusting.  Restrooms never have soap.
It is better to have a workstation where most people cannot see over when seated and more space in between workstation so you can focus on your job.
Floors are seldom vacuumed.
The swing space that we occupy has mice, rats, black mold and red bugs.  There is constant noise from construction outside all day long.   There is no building security to prevent people from hiding in the stairwells.  Overall the building is older and is not maintained.   Ceiling lights flicker even though the bulbs were changed out.  The heating and cooling works but not effectively.    One of the toilets in the office is not a commercial toilet and will back up.  I am not proud to say I work in this building.  I wonder if GSA workers would like to come work in this building for a few weeks and see what conditions we are working under.
An open format is great for collaboration but not conducive to getting work done and completing actions that require focused time.  Too many distractions.  I walk with a cane and I am on the side of the building where the elevators are old and always in and out of repair status. There are insufficient quiet rooms and conference rooms for focused work and large group meetings unless you have them booked months in advance.
Overall the exterior condition of the building is good but we have been in that location for 23 years and the outdoor furniture is the same age as the building.  The outdoor and indoor furniture both need an upgrade.  The tiles under the water fountains are crumbling and need to be replaced.  Originally flowers were planted in the atriums and have been replaced with shrubbery which doesn't look as nice
confined work space.... insects...spiders/mice /exposure to bed bugs
This building has several security issues that need fixed.  The only way they will get fixed is if all tenants agree and get funding from there agency's.  GSA manages the building and should provide offices that meet all security requirements and if not get funding to fix them to ensure all employees and visitors are safe at all times.
I am extremely concerned about the inability of people in our building to evacuate in a timely fashion in case of an emergency.  We have 11 floors with only two narrow stairwells. The last time we had a fire drill it took well over 20 minutes for those of us on the 11th floor to get out of the building. This is not safe. Please remove us from this building asap.
Higher walls in cubicles would cut down on phone conversations from other work stations overwhelming my work space.
Very Small with minimal storage space.
Cube too small, not located with rest of branch
real time active communication center (radio & phone calls)  is set up as a call center.  sound bounces from console to console.  if unit calls on radio have to use both hands (a mouse in each): one on the radio computer screen & one on the database computer screen to relay info to units.  not set up for officer safety at all.
This is a 53,000 square foot building with only one janitor. He's overwhelmed and needs help.
Very noisy and you cannot have private conversations in your cubicles.
There was an issue with dusty/moldy air vents.  A ticket was opened by management. An individual with a latter came up wiped on vent but did not clean. He then made a phone call to another and said the air vents are all clean, close the ticket. This is a toxic work environment because building maintenance is lacking.  Water fountains are down for weeks at a time. Cockroach infestation is at an all time high. The building just circulates the same dirty air around causing illnesses, some serious.
There are not enough stalls in the men's restrooms, The women's restrooms all have 4 stalls but the men's restrooms only have 1 urinal and 1 stall, this is really inconvenient and possibly dangerous when you have to run from one bathroom to another trying to find an empty stall.
Would like it if we could get instrumentation and there service/repairs in a timely fashion.  Would like a sink in the room I use the majority of the time
As I was leaving the building at the end of my shift (3:30 PM) the guard at the front desk was asleep. Another issue I have is that we can only use one point of entry - This is extremely inconvenient and the walk from the parking lot is long and hot in the summer heat. The building accesses need to be re-opened since you can only enter the building with the proper credentials.
The building is beautiful and well taken care of.  The air conditioning in the common areas of the building seems good.  The only downside is the air conditioning on my floor, the 8th floor.  In the winter or cooler months the air conditioning on the 8th floor is adequate.  But when the sunlight is strong or the weather is hotter, the work space on the 8th floor is too hot and too muggy.   The inner enclosed offices are too hot also.
The aesthetics of the building need to be updated.  it's looking old and warn from years of service here.  security is a MAJOR issue with the layout of the MH clinics.  Open access to everyone making it easy for an attack to occur.
The walls are extremely thin on both sides of my office.  My employees can hear everything I say.  Unfortunately that is not conducive when you have to speak to employees confidentially.
The cleaning staff does not dust or vacuum the work space.  Restrooms are continually out of order and dirty.  Not enough air circulation.  Need to turn up air conditioning or heat, not just tell workers to close blinds.
The lady that cleans our desks leaves everything on the desk out of order, as if a hurricane passed through.
Cleaning staff have stopped coming daily, which has led to increased odors and decreased cleanliness of both office workspaces and bathrooms.  Temperatures are highly variable.
Comments and ratings are based on densification project relocation
The editing capabilities for the program/service you are using for this survey that is "Powered by Qualtrics" will not allow the user to make edits on the final page before submitting. User is forced to click continuously on the "Previous Page" navigation button on the bottom of the screen. Then, once the edit is made, the user is forced to clicked through the survey once more using the "next Page" navigation button. Further more, users are not allowed to back far enough using the navigation buttons to make edits in the section of the survey that asks about location. For example, user can locate Department, Agency, State and Forest, but cannot find office location in pull down menu. As a result, user is prompted to manually type office location information. User makes an error in the address and notices that error on the final submission page of the survey. When user attempts to make edits, survey text boxes are not active for user to make edits on that final page. When the user uses the Navigation button "Previous page" in the survey to navigate back to page where original submission of address information is located, the navigation buttons do NOT go back to the survey beginning. As a result, the user is forced to submit an incorrect address.
Restroom facilities are extremely outdated and are frequently out of order.  The staff try to keep them clean but unfortunately, the employees are terrible about personal hygiene.  \The parking lot is full of potholes and ruts which are both dangerous when driving or walking.  My tour of duty has me reporting to work in the dark and navigating the parking lot is hazardous.
I think it is a sign of paranoia and distrust in employees to force Mint HQ employees to security scan their belongings and go through a metal detector every time they enter the building. I have worked at and visited other Federal buildings in DC and across the country, and while guests have to go through security scanning, employees DO NOT in the majority of other federal facilities. It is frustrating, time consuming, and seems like it's designed merely to give the HQ Mint "police" something to do, as they otherwise would have little to no purpose at the HQ building since it's largely administrative work accomplished here and no coins are manufactured here. It's a shame (and quite frankly, an embarrassment) that the HQ Mint "police" are essentially reduced to acting like security guards instead of doing any sort of actual police work. Offer a buyout or ship the HQ Mint Police staff to the Mint field locations where they'll actually have something to protect and can truly act as a police force. Then just hire a security company to perform the minor duties of guest check-in and security scanning and building patrol at HQ like most other federal agencies do and STOP forcing Mint employees through security! If there's concern that Mint police are still needed to protect the few coins and collectibles we have on sale in the building, either keep a few (VERY few!) Mint police staff on hand to perform that duty, or just ensure the security company hired is able to complete that task as well. It's not rocket science, and any security company worth a darn should be able to do it.
It is pretty good now, but models of the new work space in the new bldg that is going to be built are just too small, and arranged to close together. You can't even fart and no one will smell you!!!!
Extremely poor security measures.  Prisoners must be taken into public hallways.  The office is extremely outdated and dirty.
It would be great if our bathrooms were regularly cleaned, without calcifying stains all over the pipes and floors. It would also be great if every desk could rise-to-stand so we can alleviate back problems, as most of the work here is sedentary. We shouldn't need doctor's notes to have rise-to-stand desks. The harsh over-head lighting should be replaced by softer/yellow bulbs to prevent migraines, and I wish we could use the overhead lights in our wooden desks, without fear of causing a fire, as they have been known to catch fire in the past.
Furniture is very dated.  Office chairs are not very comfortable/in need of repair.
Too much foot traffic and chatter. Too many colleagues that don't have an "inside voice".
It is extremely dusty. It also gets extremely warm in places while it is colder in others. Other than that it is fine.
We do not have enough handicap parking.
The booths are filthy and leak water every time it rains, the cargo lobby ceiling leaks every time it rains, the lighting in cargo is what I would describe as depressing.  There is a lack of natural light so we rely heavily on the florescent lighting which leaves a yellow dull appearance.  The muted tones of brown and tan are also very depressing.  I would definitely describe my work environment as depressing.  There is no color, poor lighting and terrible design.  To be clear, this is at the US Customs and Border Protection Pembina, ND Port of Entry.
There is not enough space on the desk.
Patients have to push a button every 15 seconds to make the shower water continue to run.  These seems unnecessary.
New building management is energetic and has good ideas that hopefully will bring major improvements.  At present, however, many of these changes have yet to take effect as we are waiting for new food and beverage vendor, improvements to locker room/gym, and resolution of window cleaning issues.  Current vending machine situation is unsatisfactory in both availability and quality of options in machines.
Although the restrooms are cleaned daily, they don't do a good job.  In addition, my workspace if vacuumed once every six months (if we are lucky).  It is nearly impossible to find a conference room for a meeting, so you are forced to meet either in common areas (i.e., the cafeteria) or your own workspace, which can be disruptive to both the folks meeting as well as coworkers.  There are not enough refrigerators (the one nearest to my office is ALWAYS jammed packed) and it feels like it is always either too hot or too cold in our workspace.
The only complaint I would have is that we share building with US Dept of Immigration and their entrance is on opposite side of ours, when the public come to the US Immigration they are attempting to enter the IRS side, at times they are piggy backing due to the doors close on its own, roaming around the IRS. We have no security in this building... There is 1 sign in parking lot to direct traffic where the Immigration side is, not sure if they see it or not, but recommend either more signs to direct where immigration is and or security at our doors to prevent random non employees walking around in what is to be a secured building.
Toilets are too low-kindergarten level. Drains give off offensive odors. Plumbing old and leaks. Elevators very slow if they are working.
It is very difficult to chart due to other surrounding noises. Focusing is irrelivent
The building and booths have had inadequate heating and cooling for about 5 years now.  They elected about 5 years to install a new heating and cooling system which they decided to start replacing in November.  We were without heat during the cold winter months.  When finally completed the system never worked correctly for 4 years.  They have since replaced the system again and still the system does not function properly and does not control the temperatures appropriately.
I understand that my coworkers are not always as neat and clean as I'd prefer they be. I don't blame the staff in charge of the building or the building's cleanliness with issues that are clearly the result of people who work in the building and don't clean up after themselves. I appreciate the hard work the janitorial staff and building administration do each day.
Please have a schedule to clean rm 110 classroom bldg. 340
Loud HVAC set up. \No shared windows to see weather emergencies.\Irritation from something - copier dust and fumes I think.
Uncomfortable chairs. Extremely long distances to reach materials, patients or supplies.
I have worked @ this VA for 2 years and still do not have my own personal workspace (office).  I have expressed my displeasure with my leadership and Union leadership and still feel no one has made this a priority and no one in leadership gets back with me unless I submit an email complaint and notify that I'm talking to the union.  I show up for work everyday and do my job to the best of my ability and treatment veterans with respect and compassion and would simply appreciate the same to be shown to me.  Having a permanent office space to work from should not be an ongoing issue for me and especially for 2 years.  I still do not feel this office space issue for me has been addressed appropriately and I'm still waiting.
The cleanliness of the facility and the building I occupy needs vast improvement.
'-There is a big variability in which staff is responsible for cleaning the restrooms and what time that occurs. ~ 60% of the staff keep them clean and well-stocked all the time and do this either early in the day or at low use times. the remainder of the time, staff are in there during lunch hour cleaning and stocking which makes no sense! Certain staff also do not seem to clean on daily routine, nor keep them stocked.  I notice that building management seems to staff the wards on a rapid rotation, so the staff don't get to know the routine.\-We've had sinks in both major restrooms that are clogged or unusable for the last 8 yrs! One of 2 sinks in the main bathroom  has no hot water.\-We also have sprinklers working during midday , which is the absolute wrong time to irrigate the lawn. we also have some left on all day.
I sit in a Finance bull pin with four other people.  We have our own cubicle spaces, but we removed some wall panels so we can see everyone if we need to have a quick impromptu meeting or simply verify information with another part of Finance, but we also have private space in our cubicles if we need to focus on our individual work.\\I love it.  It's a great space for collaboration when that's called for or focus when that's called for.
F3129  is a very loud and unproductive workspace.\\Also the anti-bacterial wall stations have large stains underneath them and look very unsightly.  They should be removed and/or better maintained.
This building is a mess.  The windows don't open, there are gaps in the exterior walls, we have serious rodent and insect problems and the HVAC system has never worked properly.  I've also been informed that the computer program for the HVAC system is now outdated and cannot be updated.  It is not uncommon for the heating system and cooling system to come on at the same time.  We often have to call a company in Salt Lake City to adjust our temperature.  \\This building lacks office space, storage space and meeting space.  For a building that is not very old, someone planned the layout very poorly.
Working in the VA, having police on site will provide a sense of safety for patients and employees.  The rooms are poorly designed.  If there was an issue with a patient threatening the employees safety, the employee does not have easy access to the door.  The patient is in the way of the employees safety.  The lighting is too bright.  The noise is too loud.  Patients have made complaints being the office and hearing passing conversations from the hallway.
GSA takes forever to fix issues we have in the building and charge a ridiculous fee for anything that is fixed.
This is a multi-person office with workstations w/partitions that people can see over when I am seated.
Following detract from overall satisfaction: inadequate building parking and dangerous street parking;  lack of an interior lunch/break room; unattractive and poorly located outdoor break area; phone calls and conversations carry way beyond cubicle work station; additional small conference room is needed; additional stall needed in men's restroom; air temperature gets really cold intermittently; etc.
no additional comment at this time
I wish we had more security measures in place.  We have a guard station with no guard, no metal detectors, and no security guards on site.
In case location information was not captured:  I work full time for the FTC at One Bowling Green, New York, NY.
my garbage seems to only get picked up once a week (on Tuesday) which means over the weekend, with the air turned off, garbage can sit and attract bugs.  I try to remember and take my trash out myself on Fridays but don't always remember.
NO OTHER COMMENTS
Parking at this facility can be burdensome.
There are 3 clinicians in an office built for a single person. We do not have adequate space to meet with Veterans and must coordinate amongst ourselves to reserve our shared office to meet privately with patients. When we do, our office is configured in a way which places the veteran between ourselves and the exit, which has no window into the hallway. The air and ventilation are poor; the room is either very warm with no ventilation or air movement, or very cold and difficult to warm up.
Physical conditions throughout the building are significantly detrimental to productivity, communication, teamwork and job performance. They exacerbate stress, conflict, and fatigue. \\Also, please note - Regarding the question "Please select the department/agency and bureau you work for": Puerto Rico, Guam and the Marianas are NOT foreign countries!!!  They are territories of the US.  &lt;WOW&gt;.
The restrooms appear to be a consistent issue with being cleaned as well as supplies such as toilet paper, paper towels, etc. There are more tenants in the building which requires more cleaning. The temperature is always inconsistent with the excuse that this is an old building. There appears to be a pest problem and the elevators are always going out.
The unit gets dirty and is not being cleaned the way it should. Not responsibility of the building owner.
assigned to a different government vehicle, most are not cleaned or left in disarray
too cold in summer
We have a cockroach problem in my general area.  They have sprayed but every couple of days we see some around different areas. Our director even asks me to kill and remove them from her office suite.
all cubicles need privacy doors
no cleaning of office space.
The cafeteria on the second floor has roaches. After ordering a breakfast sandwich I noticed a roach walking along where the fresh ingredients were. I told the chef that was preparing the food. I tried to find a contact person online from the food services company but was unable to. After thinking about it I realized that this was more of a GSA issue, hence my responding to the survey. I find it totally unacceptable that the cafeteria is infested. I no longer eat at the cafeteria. I feel this is a service that should be available to the tenants. I would really like to know what if anything is going to be done about it. I do not believe that the food service company is not aware of the problem. Have they brought it to the attention of the GSA? Was it addressed?
Elevators get a lot of use, and always seem to work.
Its either deal with workplace issue or shutdown the airport and deal with even more stress with public screening (no equipment) of the traveling public.
I do NOT like open workstations nor do I like having to reserve a workstation. When in the office I must spend the first few minutes wiping down the table surface, chair, keyboard, etc. There have been times when the workstation areas have not been vacuumed for weeks. Hallways that aren't carpeted are noisy and the noise is very distracting. And workstations without partitions promote distractions since there is nothing to muffle conversations or phone calls.
Building old and outdated. Too many problems with main doors functioning properly. Bathroom fixtures and faucets are old and outdated. Too many roof leaks causing interior floods. \Oak trees in the parking lot rain down acorns on vehicles making some parking spots unusable unless\you want dents in your vehicle.
TOO MUCH NOISE, SEEMS WRONG FOR A GS-14 TO NOT HAVE A QUIET AREA TO WORK. EVERYONE THAT WALKS BY TRYS TO BE FRIENDLY BY TALKING. THAT DOES NOT FACILITATE GETTING WORK DONE. FOR ME TELEWORKING IF A FAR MORE BENEFICIAL ENVIRONMENT TO ACCOMPLISH TASKS.
There are not enough office spaces or cubicles for the amount of personnel working in the bldg. Nor are there available break rooms for most of the administrative personnel to store/heat food. Patients complain about the lack of water fountains in the facility.
Wish the restrooms were more updated.
The doors to elevator lobbies from the garages, the restroom doors, and the doors to office suites are not accessible for people with disabilities.  At least one of the handicapped parking spaces in the garage on P1 requires the use of a step versus ramp making it difficult for mobility disabled individual to get to the space.  I occasionally observe an individual using 2 canes having difficulty trying to get to his space because of the doors and having to navigate the step down. Consider moving the space over to the one next to the ramp for ease of parking and elevator lobby entrance.
The gutters leak-leaving ice on sidewalk around back of building\One of the doors leak allowing water inside the building when it rains-wet hallway\One of the office lights hums
I love the antiquated charm of this building but the temperature is miserable, sometimes too hot, sometimes to cold. There is excess equipment like bookshelves everywhere that need to go. The other two buildings nearby have small filtered water coolers that have hot and cold water as well as the filter on the ice maker. I don't drink enough water anymore because what comes out of the ice maker one does not taste good in any of the buildings. This is a horrible building design for a phone site. The echo is loud and reviewers have heard other CRs in the background repeating TINs to taxpayers, which mean the taxpayers themselves can hear it as well, so it is a potential disclosure issue.
not enough privacy; too noisy
There is no light directly over my desk, so it's harder to see things in the corner.
Building is crumbling and the space saucers out front are old and decrepit. Cement blocks from the corners of the building are falling out. The bathrooms are old, dirty and have a sewer odor. I was in a stall and the door to the stall next to my stall fell down on the floor. The building is infested with roaches and flying mystery bugs.
Temperature sometimes difficult to maintain.  For the most part it is pleasant with infrequent problems.
The climate control, especially the air conditioning in this building is horrible.  I've been here since 2016 and don't remember a single year that the AC didn't break in at least a portion of the building as soon as the weather got hot.
Our exam rooms are rarely moped or cleaned. We have to call the supervisor sometimes to get someone to mop them. They are very dirty especially coroners and baseboards. Our space is very small, it puts us (the technicians) and the patients in a situation where we can injure ourselves. There is not enough room to help the patient from the wheelchair to the bed. We have wires that we get tangled in easily because the space is so small to move around in. We have complained to our supervisor and still nothing is being done. Our program analyst has double the work space that our exam rooms have. Our 3 labs are separated, making it more difficult for us to work together. I would like to see someone from safety come and evaluate our work area.
Our office is in a trailer.  We have 41 people assigned to our trailer, while others only have 25.  Why the difference?  The work spaces are smaller due to more people.  There are two bathrooms in each trailer.  There is one refrigerator.  For 41 people!  There is nothing blocking the elements from coming into the trailer each time the door is opened.  Rain, heat, cold, dust, dirt....whatever is outside comes inside.  The handrails have splinters in them.  The carpet in the trailer is uneven.  We have no outlets to plug in anything personal, like a charger to charge cell phones.
The workspace is simply disgusting and dirty. The carpet is moldy and inches of dust are on cubicle partitions.   The air quality is poor. Several  employees have gotten mysteriously sick.\\i suspect there is mold and/or dust spores making employees sick on the 2nd floor.
The keyboards on copying/scanning machines have not worked properly for 2.5 years.  For some reason the issue goes unresolved. \\Sitting in a windowless office for 10.5 hours in the winter can be challenging. \\The gym could be nicer (locker rooms and free weights). \\Overall, very happy.
Happy with how the workstation is set-up
The work I do involves teaching (topics, computer use etc).  Since there is 2 people in space, my officemate is impacted upon.  Also, anytime she gets a visitor, I am disrupted and it causes me to have to redo so much work.  Finally, the layout of the office forces me to have my back toward the door.
We have outgrown our space.
The overhead lighting occasionally dims for no apparent reason.
The biggest issue has been with the revolving door.  I was previously coded to enter/exit using the door - not I can't.  I now have to park in the back of the building which is completely on the opposite side of the building.
No privacy to discuss patient concerns and talk with patients on phone. Expected to manage multiple issues with constant interruptions. Some nurses have private offices and time to do case management in a private setting.
Please move us to Manhattan
We work in an old building with old fixtures and plumbing.  We need secured parking for the patrol vehicles as well as for the officers personal vehicles.
I like the ability to see everyone enter the building and the openness, however the noise level gets too loud with the Ambassadors sharing this space. This location is also great for Veterans to enter and exit as they must pass by this desk to go to the Pharmacy. We are able to great our Veterans as they both enter and exit with a smile ensuring they have a wonderful experience while visiting their facility.
I have good space; privacy for management and delicate legal advice; and adequate surface area on which to work.
With the fact that we haven't been able to get anymore break room keys made since being "ordered" last year, it would be highly convenient to have a time punch clock down in the training room for those of us who don't have a key to the break room.  Also I think that with the amount of bags we do just in the summer time alone, we should invest in an X-Ray for checked baggage. Even to get a used or refurbished one would immensely help. I believe this would help Delta have a few less flight delays on days when we are understaffed and cannot get screening of check point and checked baggage done efficiently and effectively. \Thank you. :)
Just happy to have a job. GSA has a contract, and as long as that contract is fulfilled, my personal happiness or approval is irrelevant.
Chairs are terrible for typing.  My wall has a crack in it that has been painted over, but reappears quickly
The building has consistent issues with it's HVAC system, usually leaving the office excessively HOT.  It's Florida, we need A/C and control of the thermostat.\\Plus I hear voices from the offices on the floors above and below my work station.
I'm overall satisfied.  It seems odd to me that this survey only has "somewhat" satisfied and "extremely" satisfied as choices.
Overall, I am very dissatisfied with the building. The layout is poor; management of the building seems to have little interest in upkeep; the exterior is embarrassing and unwelcoming. In general, the walls need painting and the carpets are mostly dirty. Our unit recently moved into the nicest office in the building, which I feel slightly guilty about because we have light and space and have created a welcoming space.
right now the entrance door for staff and patients to come in the door is extremely hard to open it needs to be fixed
I am satisfied with my personal office. It is very important to have a quiet place to do my work, so it is essential that I have a single-person office with a door. However, there aren't good options for collaboration rooms. Our conference room has to be booked days in advance, so it isn't useful for last-minute meetings. It would be helpful to keep the single-person offices, but add another conference room or make it easier to use the existing one.
Our building is old and really not suited for office space.  The parking lot is terrible, not level.  Our furniture is very cheap.
Workspace is small, need more space for storage and the furniture is very old and filthy and so are the carpets and walls.  We had problems with rodents and bugs.
I have taken the time to fill out this survey but do not think it makes a difference since I have said the same things year after year with no changes.  The bathrooms are old and need to be renovated.  Half of the toilets either do not flush or are broken.  It is almost impossible to find a sink and soap dispenser next to each other that actually work.  The amount of paper towel usage is excessive and should be replaced by a modern air drying system to save money (in the long term) and to reduce the effect on the environment with all the waste of paper towels.  The parking lot is a disaster and is very dangerous.  There are pot holes everywhere and trenches throughout the parking lot that were filled many years ago but have settled in and are nothing put long trench holes.  In the winter when there is snow, you cannot see these holes and they pose a danger to employees.  The security at the visitor entrance is terribly lacking.  There are no guards there and the handicapped entrance stays open so long after entry that 20 people could come in.  I am trying once again to address these issues, I hope someone is actually reading it and can do something about them.
Many of us wear jackets or wrap in blankets.   The air conditioning is probably 2 degrees too cool !\Our workstations should be fully adjustable to alleviate repetitive motion injuries.   The chairs are ergonomic disasters.   Indirect lighting would reduce glare on monitors.  Thanks
Personal storage space is too limited.
There is nothing ergonomic about my workstation and I am constantly banging my knee on the adjustment lever for the keyboard.
I work for the US EEOC at the Milwaukee Area Office, 310 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, WI--it didn't show in the drop downs at the top.
Employees should not be required to work in conditions of EXTREME COLD.  Employee's are wearing coats, sweaters, socks, and have blankets around them.  This should not be happening!!!!!
1200 K St Building is a great place to work.  The property management company does an outstanding job of keeping the building maintained.  The location of 1200 K St has been accommodating for myself and many other co-workers - the distance allows one to take public transportation, state & county buses, and also the ability to drive to work.  Thank you to the property management company for keeping 1200 K St in good shape for the 8 years that I have worked in this building.
1200 K St Building is a great place to work.  The property management company does an outstanding job of keeping the building maintained.  The location of 1200 K St has been accommodating for myself and many other co-workers - the distance allows one to take public transportation, state & county buses, and also the ability to drive to work.  Thank you to the property management company for keeping 1200 K St in good shape for the 8 years that I have worked in this building.
This distribution of workspaces establishes a class system in the OFR.  Researchers are upper class, with most "entitled" to office.  Data Center staff are treated as inferior with the majority assigned to cubicles.  Among them, there is further stratification with favored employees assigned to cubicles along windows. The sills along the windows provide additional work surface, as well as a brighter, more open atmosphere.  It also gives occupants control over the heating and cooling.\\Additionally, a research agency such as the OFR should have a shared working space like an Innovation Lab.  It's an embarrassment that no such facility exists in the OFR, despite repeated requests by staff. Another embarrassment is our "library."  It is literally a closet. It should be located adjacent to an Innovation Lab.
Entered into a new position without having a personal established workplace pre-established. Currently using a shared space which can cause scheduling & workflow issues.
I am a third year seasonal employee at the Boston Harbor Islands. Our offices are at 15 State Street and we mostly work from the 4th floor. Unfortunately, the common areas are large and don't seem to be very clean, especially the kitchen and bathrooms. Also, the locker/changing areas in the basement are rarely, if ever, cleaned by maintenance personnel (I sometimes sweep in the women's locker room), and as a result there is a huge amount of dust build-up and even dead cockroaches that remain on the floor for days on end.
Right now there are 3 conversations between standing co-workers within 15 feet of my workspace. I have difficulty concentrating on my assigned tasks with all this distraction. Open office concept with 12 inch high separators between work spaces is insane! Industry turned away from this concept while government continues to embrace it. I can only concentrate on my work when I am at my telework location. There are no readily available flex meeting spaces so people just walk up and start conversations. These attract other co-workers which create ad-hoc conversation groups. Now Division Directors are demanding and will receive enclosed office space which will rob us of our current fully-booked team rooms. Bad planning at its worst!
Equipment is falling apart, walkways are cluttered.  Avian Pests & Waste droppings all over our dock, walkways, equipment outside.  Fire Extinguishers are almost all Overdue for maintenance or servicing.  Lighting is broken.  Sink in the Men's room, that has been broken for over a year, and had work orders filled out in for months, has not been fixed still.  Lack of re-liable temperature controls on an individual floor or office area basis (Upper floor control all of building temp).  Lack of adequate cooling or heating systems in the external buildings (primary traffic booths).
There is no privacy for customers.  Facilities cannot control the air quality or air flow, and it makes the environment unhealthy for employees with medical conditions.  To be told that if I get sick, that is what insurance is for unacceptable and the employee who said it should be disciplined.  Unfortunately, I did not get the employee's name.  The workstation is not ergonomically designed.
There should be no offices without access to some natural light. The refrigerators and microwaves are never cleaned by cleaning staff, and building management refuses to get involved in setting  a schedule for cleaning. Although fridges were just replaced, this attitude by management means that common appliances are never cleaned and unsanitary and health hazards.  Management is responsible either to arrange cleaning, or manage a schedule of volunteers if that is the only way to do so. Other Department buildings make this happen - I don't know why SA-5 is different.
Our public interview area leaves a lot to be desired. guard sits at desk and never available. people continue to come to us asking when they will be called. people are all the time on the phone., when he goes to lunch no back up
The place is dirty and very tired. The carpet is worn bare in spots, stained and very dirty. The furniture is old and cheap, the cubicles are loose and wonky. Dusting is non-existent, vacuuming is done half hearted and you specifically have to ask someone who is vacuuming to please do your area before they disappear not to be seen again or a month or two.  They spend less than three minutes in the whole office. The walls are scuffed, bang about and need fresh paint. The air conditioning after a weekend takes forever to cool or heat the area and after a holiday weekend the air and heating takes until Wednesday to get back up to speed. The wallpaper in the halls is ripped, torn, signage is half ass and incomplete. The building is old, tired and needs serious cleaning and updating. My cubicle is dull and depressing.
Our cleaning lady does an outstanding job trying to keep the place clean.  However, we spend thousands of dollars on conference rooms and 70' monitors but I've seen better restrooms in a state park.  Our restroom is frequently 'standing room only' and at any given time one or more of the toilets' is out of service.  Time to spend some money on the basics.
Sorry - not a fan of the open workstations since people are constantly walking by and look directly over into my work space. On some occasions I am working on a high priority task and because I am at my desk folks feel it is okay to interrupt. Therefore, I have to look at other options to get rush tasks completed with accurateness. I know you cannot please everyone!
i'm happy to have a window, but in the summer/winter, there are gigantic temp changes within 5' of the windows.  the lighting is frustrating with the motion sensor shutting off too frequently.
FAA Real Estate and the building owner have no concern for the building conditions as it is scheduled for demolition
The USDA Center at Riverside desperately needs a new cafeteria vendor, the one we currently have is awful!  The cafeteria employees are rude, and the cafeteria work area/cooking area are filthy.  I (and MANY of my coworkers) refuse to eat there until a new vendor is hired.
none
We have had a change in the Building Supervisor within the last year and he is much better than his predecessor. He earnestly attempts to repair things in the building.
Exam rooms for clinics for my service are small, irregularly designed, and configured in a way that can affect personal safety. Ventilation is irregular with some exam rooms being very cold and others being too hot.   \Patient care appears to be secondary to the absolute need for private offices for clinic managers and assistant nurse managers.  Third on the list appears to be provider workspace in the clinics.\I personally have not looked at the policies on space design and allocation for several years, but it seems they should be revised in light of the introduction of computers into the clinics and the current goal of actually seeing patients in a timely manner.  Our section has three exam rooms to use for a clinic staffed with 5 providers and 1 nurse.
Great
Temperature control is almost always problematic.  There is literally no privacy.
This facility was built in the 1980's which is understood however a slab of paint doesn't fix the mold, leaks, and asbestos that we have throughout this facility. There are known wholes in the HVAC system that get taped as that seems to be the "fix it" problem however many staffers myself included have had respiratory problems but when OSHA/OIG come in some how whatever materials are furnished you never hear about what was found or what they portrayed in order to close the complaint. If the agency knows that mold and asbestos are illegally stored in the subbasement of 200 where the wholes exist how are they not being held accountable as this impacts our facility?
Management needs to cut down on paint and floor wax demands and put money toward fixing roofs, holes in walls, lighting, air conditioning, correctional equipment, broken windows, getting rid of bugs in the kitchen and fixing elevators.  Some elevators look like they're from a horror movie!  I know the building is old but old things need to be properly maintained.  There's area of the institution that appears it's suffering from neglect.
lots of improvement in the past 25 years, but we still have room to improve.\not enough restrooms for visitors and staff, volunteers should have access to computers to better assist patients and visitors, who are often given wrong directions to their appts.\not enough parking for visitors, patients and employees.
I work customer service and am on the phones.  People constantly stop to talk because they can see me.  Also, it is difficult to concentrate when there is a constant flow of traffic.  I've asked for a higher petition several times but to no avail.
It is difficult to configure the computer keyboard, screens, telephone, and guest seating to allow both ergonomic head/body/hand position while working at the computer and also having an effective space for meetings with staff and contacts and having teleconferences. This is exacerbated by poor space design. Due to poor decisions by the State Department Overseas Building Operations, we have needed to give up a facility which was our primary storage area, which then cannibalized one of our meeting rooms. In an office of 30 people, with a very busy schedule of meetings with the clients and businesses with whom we work, we are now down to one small (six person) conference room that we control. There is no huddle space for conference calls. There is no secondary room we control for a simultaneous meeting. As far as security, our contract security staff is excellent. However, Embassy / Diplomatic Security are not attentive to our location and in the major earthquake of September 2017 they were not even aware of our building when we called about an urgent issue of a gas leak that threatened an explosion.
This particular building does not foster a collaborative work environment and does not promote the health or well-being of employees.
Management continues to disregard the health and safety of the building occupants. Construction and painting while the tenants are working in the building.
While the cleaning personnel are cleaning the restroom located in our office better we still run out of toilet paper, paper towels and hand soap more often than we should.  The kitchen/break area is maybe mopped once a week and we still run out  of paper towels.  My office space is not vacuumed regularly, maybe once a month although the common areas are vacuumed once a week.  There is one thermostat to work the office, we freeze at the front of the office and they burn up at the back of the office...very inconsistent temperatures.
Carpets are a safety hazard.  Carpets can't be cleaned because the carpets heave off the floor leaving tripping hazards.
There should have been restrooms at each end of the building. Not just one set in the middle with no door on the entrance. Someone wasn't thinking with that design.
Please do something about the bugs and dusting the work areas as well as the steps. There is trash, dust, and dead bugs in the stairways that has been there for months if not years.
We have outgrown our work space and do not have any where to expand into.
The increase in noise now that we don't have tall walls is incredible - phone calls, hall chats, desktop discussions - we can all hear all of it now.  Since our office discusses sensitive information, we now always have to find an enclosed meeting space to talk - these spaces are hard to come by because everybody else is also looking for quiet spaces to have discussions since our desks are now so loud and non-private.  The open 'huddle' spaces are not being used because they are still out in the open... so the space they occupy could have been used to give us better personal spaces.
not ADA hard to use wheel chairs walkers etc
The elevators are slow and noisy and scary to use: several people have gotten stuck...but there is no other way to get out of the building.
Do not like having people walkup behind me or having to listen to other people conversations while I'm working.  (Nothing but noises and distractions working in an open area with no partitions.)
NONE
Somewhat isolated, behind a locked door.
5 people, 3 printers, 4 phones, 10 computers 3 file cabinets.  Small area for all the equipment and staff.
The heating and cooling is not sufficient.  Cold in winter.  Hot in summer.  The restroom lights cut off very quickly on automatic timer.  no way to get hot water by turning on a tap to needed hot water.  All of these things are part of GSA's attempt to be more "green".  This is a good goal, but should not be at the expense of the employees.  If these items can't be fixed, then the entire system should be replaced with items that will accomplish these things.
THIS WORK ENVIRONMENT IS HORRIBLE.  WE ARE ON TOP OF EACH OTHER.  THIS PAST COLD AND FLU SEASON EVERYONE GOT THE FLU OR TERRIBLE SINUS INFECTIONS/BRONCHITIS.  \\THIS BUILDING IS NOT HANDICAP FRIENDLY. BEGINNING WITH THE TURNSTILES THAT SEPARATE THE BUILDING WITH THE PARKING LOT.  HANDICAP PARKING IS ALMOST A BLOCK AWAY. HANDICAP PEOPLE HAVE TROUBLE GETTING THROUGH THE TURNSTILES.  HANDICAP PARKING IS NEXT TO NON EXISTENT UNLESS YOU COME IN AT 5:00 IN THE MORNING.\\THERE IS NO SEATING ANYWHERE FROM THE PARKING LOT INTO THE BUILDING ALL THE WAY TO THE FIRST BATHROOM.  JUST IN CASE YOU FEEL ILL OR WEAK AND NEED TO SIT, THIS WOULD BE BENEFICIAL TO SOME PEOPLE.  \\THE ELEVATOR IS A ONE PERSON LIFT ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE BUILDING.  NO AIR FLOW AND LOTS OF MOSQUITOES.  FULL OF COBWEBS AND BUGS.  THE ONLY GOOD THING I CAN SAY ABOUT IT IS IT WORKS THIS YEAR; LAST YEAR IT WAS BROKEN MORE THAN IT WORKED.  AS A PERSON WITH AFIB AND BACK ISSUES, I AM GLAD TO HAVE IT; HOWEVER, FOR A BUILDING MANAGED BY NASA, PEOPLE WHO PUT ROCKETS INTO SPACE, THIS LIFT SITUATION IS A DISGRACE.\\THE FACILITY AS A WHOLE IS TERRIBLE.  THE BUILDING LEANS AND SHAKES WHEN PEOPLE WALK IN THE HALL.  MANY OF US ARE WAITING FOR IT TO COLLAPSE.  \\WE HAVE TOO MANY PEOPLE SHOVED AND SHOEHORNED IN THIS BUILDING. \\THE BATHROOMS BARELY WORK.  THE CLEANING STAFF WORKS HARD TO KEEP UP, BUT IT'S SUBPAR.
There are multiple people in the office, it is very loud.  The vendors come through to check in and conference calls can be heard throughout the area, open meeting are setup and there is no privacy to get work done uninterrupted
The bathroom cleanliness is horrific and unsanitary.  Toilets are not cleaned for weeks.  When an "unsanitary issue" arises, it takes a long time to be cleaned, and often times it is not cleaned completely.  We buy our own soap because often times soap isn't filled or the mechanism is broken.  Another issue is garbage - trash cans are not emptied regularly and often times there are garbage bags of trash left laying around the building.  For a lengthy time period, garbage was stacking in our elevator lobbies because the dumpster was not being emptied.  This place is a mess, an absolute mess.
Dissatisfied with air quality, air filters do not get replaced on a regular basis.  Changed one myself in Management Analyst office on June 4, 2018, last changed in June 2017 (Ridiculous).  Dust accumulation is unbelievable, computer screens, eyeglasses in need of cleaning on a daily basis.
Our building is not secure by any means. Our lobby area is wide open and nothing separates visitors from employees other than a swinging half-door.  The windows leak during heavy storms and cause the carpet to get wet 2-3 feet into the office; the carpet is never cleaned so it holds the mildew odor from multiple soakings, which cause some health problems for some employees (migraines, allergies). Entry door leaks right onto person during rains, even though under a roofed area.  Exterior lighting by entry doors invites bugs that die and are never swept up from walkways and away from doors. We have had rats and snakes enter the building on multiple occasions.
This space is awful and will only get worse when we move to 90K.  The idea that we can do our jobs and maintain the security of our materials in an open floor plan that does not have enough seating, private meeting places, or even locations to store our work materials is ridiculous.
Arsenic in the water. Too dangerous to consume.\Bathroom stalls too small in main building.
Nurses station within department
I've been with government 25 years. I find it appalling that there is no permanent building maintenance team to maintain the grounds/buildings/elevators etc.  I walk past broken, misplaced, cracked, dirty, walks, rugs, floors, garages, day after day and wonder if anyone is hired and paid WELL to look over these things and get it taken care of.  Millions of $$$ went into this beautiful campus just to have it crumble before our eyes.  There is no one to blame because there is no one that is permanently hired and invested in taking care of this property.  Contractors do their job and leave, never to be seen again. The cleaning staff, as kind as they are, are not capable of the job.   I have to constantly look for them to repair bathroom towel dispensers.  Investing in a permanent professional team and supporting that team is what would make sense.
Carpet needs to be vacuum atleast every of day. I have major allergies.
My cubicle walls seem rickety. One of them leans noticeably.
More relevant questions on this survey would be a good start.  There is no questions regarding the length of time it takes to get issues repaired or the communications on the status of repairs.  GSA contracted the dining services, but no questions on its quality or satisfaction?  The dining contract needs to be fixed. We are limited in selection and there are no external dining options within walking distance.  The selections are overpriced and mediocre compared with other facilities.  I am losing employees to other federal agencies within NCR because of the security concerns at the Anacostia Metro station, non-existent off-site parking, and the lack of dining options at affordable prices, not airport prices.  It is done better at other locations and facilities.  Do better here.
The desk height does not blend well with the chair heights causing chronic pain of shoulders/back. There is no way to correct this except going through the reasonable accommodations process which is a hassle.
The room where we are housed was intended to be a storage room and the ventilation system was not designed to properly cool/heat this room. During the summer it is very hot in this room and during the winter, very cold. This has been addressed multiple times and still has not been corrected.
The workstations cabinets are in need of an update for security reasons as well the lock can be easily popped and allows others to go through your drawer and personal space and items.  The parking is horrible it has been over a year with no clear explanation as to what is being done with the parking deck.  No email just being told cant park and to this date no EOD of when it will become available.  The parking in the other areas are not good the spaces in the 4800 building are too close which causes daily dents and dings into your automobile.  The smell in the building is horrible especially in the restrooms some type of ventilation is needed.  The building has flooded more than one time and it has flood onto old carpet the smell is bad but also health reasons you can smell the moldy and mildew smell.  The carpet needs to be replaced.  The elevators are always broke and at least once a week someone is trapped in the elevator that is not safe.  Also in reference to the parking lot it is too dark no one really patrol in the early AM in the dark but because we are now without a parking deck have to walk those dark lots and it is only a matter of time before someone gets hit or hurt due to low visual and the darkness of the lot.  Also do something about the cats and huge raccoons that are being fed.
need to be updated to a new and bigger area new building with the ability for new technology
While having a "tea room" is awesome for when we want to collaborate, there's no dedicated space for individual workstations, and to get to the quiet rooms, you must go through at least one of the meeting rooms.
parking is limited
I work in the Reception Area.
The clinic sits on top of a hill beside a run down motel that is falling down. There is a four lane highway in front of the clinic with no turn lane, which turning into the clinic is hazardous not only for employees but Veterans themselves, several close calls have happened and we have witnessed Veterans patients not familiar with the driving lanes go down a uphill passing lane and almost get hit head on by tractor trailor.  Our "kitchen" or "breakroom" is a closet and you can't even open the refridgerator door completely because it hits the wall. We have several employees here and only two  that's tight) can sit at one time. The computers are VERY slow and sometimes will lock you out loosing your information because the internet is awful here. This slows down patient care.
It's almost shocking that the building does not have Wi-Fi. The space gives almost no consideration to the fact that we work in a team-based care environment.  There's not enough space for wellness classes (e.g., Tai Chi).
The building has an enormous parking lot. Every day I see empty parking spots that could be leased to employees. Currently the parking around the federal building is a nightmare. You either have to take a rail or pay $85 to park across the street at the mall. It is unfair to see so many empty spaces in the parking garage daily when federal employees could use them. I believe this is an issue that should be addressed as soon as possible. Employees should be allowed to lease parking spaces specially for security reasons since it gets really dark certain months in the year and taking the rail or walking over to the mall is dangerous.
Most of our real police personal are alert but not all. One policeman spends most of his time looking at his cell phone. The others both men and women are great! They walk outside,  looking up when we come in the door and they look out for us near the building.\We had two HUD employees bring stung-guns to work and were comparing the voltage as if to intimidate the rest of us. It was reported to OIG. As far as I know, nothing was done. I don't feel safe with federal staff bringing weapons to work and showing them off in a brag/scare tactic. I feel more signage should be displayed on each floor and warning to all employees that weapon are not allowed and discipline will be taken for this behavior. These two women claimed they were key chain- toys but that is a lie. These were the kind of sting-guns police carry as one of the women is a former cop, these guns could seriously hurt someone.  This is not a safe place to work.
The wifi is so slow and they have people sitting at picnic table type benches all smashed in together.  Once people start talking you can't get any work done!  They need to allow 100% telework until this is resolved!
My main complaints are the same as last year, why are the restrooms not kept clean, why is toilet tissue not stocked, and WHY are trash liners re-used!!. The trash liner issue is applied through out the entire building. Our Cleaning crew is very lazy. +++++the building manger does the best he can with employees he is provided, you often see him doing their work.   \Drop down boxes don't work on this survey - this building is DOJ, FBI, Cincinnati, OH 2012 Ronald Reagan Dr
Random renovation have been made in select office spaces within our area. Some carpet removed and replaced with tile, but not all old carpet. A couple of offices have been repainted, but not all. This happened several months ago with no further work since. Not sure why only select offices and not the entire floor or bldg. Same with restrooms. Some partial renovation and then nothing further.
Office furniture is difficult to get and space is always at a premium.  My desk has a panel that is broken and falling and has been since I was moved to this office.  We are told that funding is not available to replace office furniture.
The bathrooms are a horror. Bathrooms were remodeled and are worse than the old ones.\\"They" have decided that extremely bright overheard lights are to be used, making the lighting much too bright in many places, and employees are not allowed to change the lighting to their own personal satisfaction without jumping through many government hoops.\\elevators are often out of service.
The bathroom cleanliness is not the fault of the cleaning staff - we are just messy people apparently.
I think I have a very clean, secure and comfortable building in which to work.
The open concept makes working in the office slightly unproductive.  The noise level on certain days with the cross conversations and people who just see you and stop and chat is very disturbing.  I'm far more productive at home.  The meeting rooms with the glass are also a distraction.
NOT CLEAN SPACE, BROKEN CABINETS AND DRWAERS. LOOK VERY UGLY AND DIRTY
Too small, no windows, need more air circulation, better lighting
I WOULD STATE MORE. I AM AFRAID OF LIES AND  RETALIATION.
In my experience garbage within the office space is picked up daily but the floors are seldom cleaned. There are dirt spots on the elevator floor where coffee has been splashed and never cleaned. A cleaner work environment would be greatly appreciated.\\The office where I work with my team has a window air conditioner which is not sufficient for the space. The unit is loud and it's like working on a airport runway.
My desk is makeshift, I do not have adequate desktop space.
We have tons of vacant enclosed single-person offices, however these get used to store equipment instead of being used by people who need them to concentrate. Poor allocation of resources.
Cubicles are entirely too small and cramped.  Furniture is cheap and flimsy.
If I'm in the office doing paperwork I have no way to see the inmates in the unit and all of the offices for the Officers are like that at the Low security and needs to be redone with the purpose of the officers survival and the need for us to be able to keep an eye on the inmates when we are in the office
We are scheduled for redesign. In the meantime, we need more space to work & store supplies. Drawers need replacing & cabinets need to be installed.
My desk is turned the wrong way. My back is too the door. Would prefer to be turned the other way.
This is not a great place for a law enforcement agency to work out of. Maybe for higher level managers it is fine, but for field personnel this is not appropriate.
The toilets are an issue.  They are low flushing to conserve water yet, the system in place does not go with these toilets. The other issue I have is my office freezes all year long.  Whether the vents are closed or not air is just blowing cold.  Maintenance has tried everything.
There are too many people in the room and so it gets noisy.  HUD should supply silencing headphones to all employees that request them.
Building is clean and secure.  There are not enough computer LANs in my office, which creates inefficiency.
Better desk and chairs, including mouse pads, wrists pads across the computer that will be more ergonomic and not cause pain and discomfort.
This building is so underwhelming when compared with other offices within our agency. The building is dirty and disgusting on the outside with black mold or mildew all over the outside. The interior walls are banged up and scuffed, the carpet is dirty, and two elevators have been broken for months. My first impression when I walked in on day one was - is that my work area? After having come from a private office to a open workspace with no privacy of any kind, I can't say that I have much good to say about the design of this office.
there is a lady sometime in the building that identifies herself as the "landlord", she is rude to some but permit one certain person to cook food on the grill in the front of the building while playing loud music, but if others just simply pull up to open their car to runs out and makes a big deal.
The stairwells flood every time it rains out side making it difficult to climb or navigate the stairs and also presenting an imminent workspace hazard.
It's freezing through out the year.  It's insane.  You have to bring layers, and gloves to get work done. It's frustrating, it's 90 outside, and humid and you go out to defrost.  It's bright, and people get migraines, and have to get medical notes to be able to work, b/c lights can't be turned off and on around them w/ walls of windows around them. Its nice when there isn't anyone working and people don't turn on the lights in the summer, but that is very rare.  \It is really sad that people that use the bathroom don't respect the facilities as it were their own, and if they did it would make the cleaning staff have an easier job, there are some days you can hardly find a clean stall b/c people are gross - making you wonder how they keep house... Really sad, and disgusting...
I didn't realize this survey related to the offices of the USCB/ I only went there twice between 2015-16 in prep. to become an employee & for  job training
None
Elevators are continuously broken and being repaired (oftentimes the same elevator the same week or the next.\Power to the cubicles is unreliable, instead of fixing the electrical system to our cubicles, short term fixes are implemented which later become issue again.
Suggestions:\1) Security personnel: It would be NICE if they were NICE. About 50% of the people we have to interact with every day are gruff and mean. I have both experienced and witnessed security staff being short and rude with NOAA employees. \2) Personal workspaces: The building redesign should include removal of all offices that are next to windows, or addition of transparent office glass walls so that interior cubes can also receive natural light. \3) Water fountains should include an option to fill a water bottle.
I start work at 7am and it is extremely hot in the building.  It would be appreciated if you start the AC to cool the building at an earlier time so the building is cool by the time I come to work.  I think the building cools off with an acceptable temperature around 8:30am - 9am.
I have a glass, open top office in a busy hallway.  No privacy for discussions with staff.  I have to listen to my neighbors (managers') discussions with their staff.  Sometimes my neighbors conduct calls on speakerphones.
open work space as well we do book it.
chairs need to be upgraded...machines makes noise...elevators are slow
The building is old and when pipes burst causing floods or cooling systems fail or when there is no heat in a workspace in the winter months it causes staff to be in a continuous state of transition and environmental problems.  Things are starting to get better but there is a feeling of "when will the next environmental disaster happen"?
I appreciate that the FPS is there to keep us safe; however, entry into the building is tougher than getting into buildings that address security or even getting through the airport.
It would be nice if offices were vacuumed regularly.
I lack storage space for my equipment. This is a chronic problem.
Moved to a better building not to far away.
the amount of cockroaches seen on an almost daily basis is  disheartening
The temperature fluctuates a bit and is hard to control at times.
The ac does not reach to the end of the building where our offices are located.  It's extremely hot.  We complain repeatedly to no avail.
Our workstation makes it hard to hear our customers due to the fact that they are only partial walls.
Privacy and the adjustable work stations are great, but the chairs provided cause back and neck issues.
I am extremely satisfied with the way the bathrooms are kept up. I am satisfied with the upkeep of the floors in general.  I am extremely dissatisfied with the Eurist Cafeteria.  The menu and food is terrible and not worth the high prices.  I am extremely dissatisfied with the noise on the floors.  I am dissatisfied that no noise dampeners or white noise were put in placed or piped in like we were promised before we moved to this building.  I am dissatisfied with the material used for the floors because it feels like we are walking on a diving board. The floors are loud and you can hear conversations from one end of the module to the other.
The work area is dusty.  Mondays and Tuesdays the air-conditioning is too cold in the summer and winter.  The vents blow cool air from the outside into the building.
The cement at the exit doors needs to be painted, you can not tell where the ramp starts or ends. The same color cement makes it difficult to know when to step down. Have tripped several times and almost fallen because it all looks like the same level. \The front of the grounds needs steps to the sidewalk only a dirt slope that is very slippery. \2nd time to enter comment on survey.
While the outside commons area shared between the three parts of Patriot's Plaza are well kept and beautiful, they are rendered completely unusable due to the saturation of cigarette smoking there.  How this is ok so close to all three entrances I cannot imagine.  The second hand smoke assaults literally every employee and visitor as they enter the building each day, as it cannot be avoided.  It permeates the only outdoor space where an employee could potentially eat outdoors on the grounds as well.  This flaw alone makes a move to another building with a better tobacco policy highly enticing.
Water pressure in bathroom sinks could be better.
The lack of space throughout the JP facility is a serious problem here in the Mental Health and from what I understand other departments as well.  We should not have to be in a situation  where we are forced to have providers and administrative staff share rooms. We should not be in a position where  high level managers have to give up space and double up in offices to try and make more room for others. We also have providers doubled up in many rooms. Mental Health has tried to do the best we can with space by creating a swing space sheet that lists rooms that are available when staff is out. Providers can sign up and use the space when available.  Unfortunately we have maxed out our resources and this is still not enough. Our Brockton location is also starting to run into space issues but is not close to the level of urgency that JP is in currently.\\Overall staff are very dissatisfied with office space availability. Something should be done in the future.
We have, on a regular basis, people on the premises that do not belong. They leave their trash, dirty diapers, etc. in the parking lot and some sleep in their cars or around the premises.  We've even had a person climb into the bed of the truck of one our employees.  Even with the bathroom door combination locks installed, people obtain the code from other businesses in the building and still steal paper towels, toilet paper, and have no respect for others as far as cleaning up after themselves. There is NO security here and people enter our building as they please.
I would like to be able to open windows like we used to to get fresh air.
The high woods building is slated as a "space opportunity".  This will increase the number of people, and the rest rooms will be affected with the increase.  Also the state and local governments have built a road which when completed will heighten our security foot print.  As the FSC this is a concern and it is my assessment that an increase in the security force is necessary ASAP
Please provide a picnic table outside the employee entrance.\Clean bathrooms more frequently during peak times.\Monitor indoor temperatures more carefully too prevent extremes.
great job in keeping the bathroom clean and stocked
building is old. concerns of mold, lead and asbestos due to age of building and infrastructure. original layout of building is not conducive to current security issues. little security measures present outside of FPS guards at front entrance of building. very limited parking for both customers and employees. no security measures to protect employees in rear parking area or rear entrances to building.
The water pressure in the building is weak impacting sanitation, odor and health.\There is an unacceptable level of fluctuation in the temperature year round.\There are a lack of sources for drinking water.\There is insufficient bathroom capacity for the number of persons on the floor.\There is no refrigeration.
Very satisfied with the office building and workspace!
As an FDA employee I do not have access to go down or up the stairs from the first floor.  I have asked about that many times but so far no one has been able to respond to that request.
One ongoing problem is the lack of hand sanitizer available.  Although there are dispensers everywhere, they are never full, or never have the power to deliver sanitizer (if it's in the dispenser).  In a city like Brooklyn, where so many people take public transport, and in light of the flu seasons we have been experiencing, there is no excuse to not have working, regularly refilled hand sanitizer dispensers to protect our employees' health.  This has been a problem for years, and I have noted it repeatedly, no to effect.
The chairs are always broken and cannot be adjusted and the keyboards need to be properly cleaned and desks are too close to another.
The layout of the cubicle is terrible.  Very small/limited workspace.  The task lighting is placed on the backside of the cube where you can't work.  (no place to sit on one side and the other is maybe a foot wide.
Overall it feels like they are bringing so many people into this building which we work. I have concerns regarding the cleanliness and parking. I also have concerns with the need to share desks. With so much illness going around during the flu seasons this is not ideal. Many of the microwaves break and remain broken for several months. Our equipment is not sufficient. The lighting is horrible that many struggle to find a desk that does not create eye strain and headaches do to poor lighting. There are not enough meeting spaces due to outside visitors coming in that we have to rotate our team meetings every single week. Through out the building. The chairs in the training rooms are absolutely horrible. Making training unpleasant. We recently had an incident where someone drove through a barrier arm being chased by the police. This barrier arm has been broken for nearly a year and we are unsure when or if that will be getting fixed. This also is concerning regarding security in the parking lot. The guards do an amazing job of walking the parking lot especially in the evenings. This is always appreciated. Overall this is a great place to work however with budget cuts and the overall funding concerns there are so many people moving into this location. The parking is not sufficient.
It would be helpful if the building encouraged people periodically to not wearing perfumes/colognes and using home fragrances in the building. It reduces the air quality for others that have allergic reactions when breathing in such chemicals. Also, it would be nice to have a cafeteria that sold healthy nutritious food for lunches. It's always the same menu each week and none of the lunches include vegetables.
It gets warm if I close the door.
Love the 36 sf cubicles in our unassigned, open work environment.
It would be useful if there was a designated employee responsible for reporting maintenance issues (say, the supervisor of the cleaning crew).
Our building is only a few years old so is in pretty good condition. I would say that we need a better cleaning service to keep it looking new.
Would like to have multiple restroom areas instead of just one by Specimen Receiving.  There is another one restroom area but it is further away from work area.
The building is extremely cold all months of the year. Sitting with a jacket on inside the building when it's 90 degrees outside and having to take time to go outside to warm up is unacceptable. Sitting with a jacket on inside the building, along with long underwear and two long sleeved shirts in the middle of winter and still being cold is unacceptable.\No other issues. It is a very clean, well kept building with any reported issues/concerns/questions/maintenance being addressed timely and professionally.
carpets aren't clean and coming up and no dusting in cubical area
Electrical and other testing done during the day on weekends significantly disrupts patient care and workflow.
Toilet seat covers are not in the bathrooms, and would be better if they are installed in the bathroom.
Still waiting on GSA to finish our new work space in the building, they keep pushing back the move in date.
The building is ideally located for the work of our agency.  That work requires staff to meet with ethics officials at executive branch departments and agencies, including the White House offices.  We also meet with legislative branch officials.  Our location is near metro stations that serve all lines, and we are within walking distance to many departments and agencies.   \Although the building is undergoing massive remodeling, there have been only minor inconveniences.
No sound buffering.  I can hear the person 3 cubes away from me when he is on the phone. I hear the person next to me typing.
Offices have stock set up for right handed people which makes the configuration very uncomfortable for left-handers. Also, height of desk space is challenging for someone less than 6 ft tall.
I thought GSA was not allowed to lease any government building that is not accessible to everyone?  The bathrooms are awful. The handicapped entrances barely work.  We're moving to a new building and I had to remind them that we need accessible bathrooms with push buttons to open the doors.  Guess what?  There are none.. so they are scrambling to install them.  (I am a disabled veteran and need access to the bathrooms.)  I had to beg the parking garage to put in handicapped spots that are wide enough to get out a wheelchair.  I'm still begging for things that a normal person takes for granted.  The move to National Place is coming... the bathrooms aren't ready for handicapped people.  AND  I only see the women's bathroom getting handicapped doors... what about the men's rooms?  It's getting ridiculous and your are setting yourself up for a lawsuit.
The Fayetteville Ramsey Street building is a historic building. It is a beautiful building on the outside. However, the inside is being renovated and I do hope that all things have been taken into account for the renovated spaces to be more useful to staff and that the EMS teams are properly cleaning these areas to ensure to longevity of said renovated spaces. If things are properly taken care of they will last longer and look better. Also if there are areas in the hospital to be blocked there should be police or security to monitor movement in and out of designated areas so it is not left to regular staff to do so.
A new design similar to the Hickory NC FO swing space would be a better design. A more private place to work would be more helpful.
Would be nice if we could dim the lighting in our area. Everyone agrees in our row that it is harsh and too bright. We used to have one or two bulbs loosened out of each square, but a few months ago maintenance came and told us we had to have them all back in and "on." It is difficult for people with migraines in our group to work under the harsh lighting.
I am kind of dissatisfied that Inpatient Respiratory Therapists do not have an assigned workspace/department room/lockers. A place to store personal items.
It would be nice to be able to control the lighting in the office more, I like working with just the desktop lights on while my co-workers prefer the overhead lights which give me a headache day in and day out.  It would be good if we could get our floor vaccumed at least once a week and a our trash emptied everyday, even when our regular maintenance person is out.
We need more dependable house-keeping staff.  We have a hard working individual but she cannot cover all areas constantly, she could use a team member, who can work along side her.
SURGICAL AREA OUTDATED AND DIFFICULT PHYSICALLY, LIGHTING AND DOORWAYS NOT UPDATED. NO WATER FOUNTAINS ON UNIT
We should not have to share desks.  This is an old, outdated and uncomfortable imposition.  \When I reviewed my answers, I see that when discussing the commons areas, I am VERY SATISFIED, but the box for unsatisfied is checked in error.  It wouldn't let me change it.  I had to come back to this space to put it into words.  The "building" people (on the red carpet) should be moved to some other area, to free up that space for more AM desks. We like those people, but we need the space so we don't have to share desks.  Sharing desks is not cool.
WIth the new addition of varidesks, when coworkers stand up to work they can see over my partition. It would be nice to raise up the height of the partitions if possible.
The facility housekeeping does not dust ever.   The facility Housekeeping rarely vacuums.   My cubicle carpet has a runner in it from some type of cleaning.
Employees need more control over room temperature.  It is absolutely cold (nearly all year round) in the offices of the Madison building
Cubicle walls should be higher!
the cubicles were not designed with any ergonomic or job performance in mind. The desks are not deep enough to have the monitors away from the face unless they are in the corner but the corner direction has no area for the keyboard to have a wrist rest as the keyboard hangs off the desk
would be nice to have an ice machine on the 2nd floor
I work in the CBP-NIW watch and the workspace is awful.  People are constantly walking through and disturbing my work.  The office is used to transit to multiple other offices.  Those offices are loud and distracting.  Additionally, people consistently walk into the workspace and hold their personal conversations.
Spacious supervisor office, but the walls are paper thin,  Noise abounds everywhere.  Just heard the woman across the hall put down her mug on her desk (thud) and drop a spoon on the table top too.\Distracting noise.
Desk quality is poor, the motion sensing lights are screwy and annoying.  The space is too small and the overuse of glass without hanging curtains or blinds makes having private conversations with employees problematic. Would also be nice to hang a picture onto the wall.  I earned my diplomas and certificates.  I deserve to be able to decorate (tastefully) an office I spend half my life inside.
My office is great. We have a horribly moldy smell in our conference room and adjoining offices.
I would like better control over the room temperature, both in my office and especially in the labs which house animals. It is also very noisy with the freeway and only a single pane window with aluminum frame to keep the noise out. It can also get very hot in my office because of the poor insulation and I have no AC.
There is a new facility being built for me that I am due to move into sometime in January 2019. The process is very slow. In my current location there are a number of safety failures, lack of secondary baggage examination space, as well as the temperature in the winter. Extremely hot even after covering vents etc. I am patiently waiting for the new facility. Thank you.
The way my Agency allocates space is bizarre.  We fight for more cubicles and are told no so we move.  Then, they want to use our cubicles for others and are also told more staff must sit in GSA space.  HOW?  The space in RRB is apparently VERY EXPENSIVE and the resources there (conference rooms) are so LIMITED.
Please replace the carpeting.
I would like to emphasize my comment about security presence. It's a joke. You have little old ladies who take constant breaks.  Most front desk persons are looking at their screen or cell phone when you walk in.  This needs improvement. I know they are not armed guards but the work station needs to be modified so they are facing the street and alert of someone coming in so they can set off an alarm to the FPS.
The building is always too cold in the Summer. I regularly need to put on a fleece and finger-less gloves. the building should not be that could in the middle of summer. oddly enough though the winter temperature is quite comfortable.
F.U.E.L is terrible. Not only are the people rude, but the prices are high and they are always out of a lot of the foods. I went in ne day and everything I had ordered, they couldn't make it because they didn't have main ingredients to about 5 different menu items. Drinks are never stocked fully and the people are rude. There is 2 people in there that are actually nice and polite. I'm surprised people still eat in here, I only do when its a last resort anymore.
Random security screening of employees upon entry to the building (similar to airport screening) is demeaning, unnecessarily intrusive and sends a clear message that the IRS does not fully trust its employees.  Especially galling is that other agencies with even higher profile security (e.g., RFK Main Justice Bldg. literally across the street) do not subject their employees to such intrusive screening.
Need new cafeteria contractor\\Communal lunch areas on 17th floor need table tops cleaned frequently
I have asked several times for my own work space as a provider seeing appointments, but I'm consistently told there is no space. This is an issue for patient confidentiality and is ignored by management. They just seem to throw people together not caring about their work environment.
Layers of drywall dust found on all of our equipment at the beginning of each shift.\Screening equipment moved and not replaced to make way for construction fencing.
The initial design was done by people with at least a passing knowledge of security measures but is run by individuals with no common sense or a sense of security. Our main ingress and egress for inmates is an exposed fence line in the middle of the visitors parking lot and 20 meters away from a main road with a large open lot full of concealment vegetation. Anyone with common sense would move this to the secured rear dock, away from public parking, public view and more secured than a single fence with an old padlock that often doesn't work. This is just one of many ways the ignorance of administration circumvents the security already in place.
Need better fitted computer space
The quality of this lease actually increases our productivity.
Cleaning person doesn’t clean she just takes trash out. There has been a leaking sink in the men’s room for years. Your feet stick to the floor in there and the ventilation is awful. The gym has equipment mostly from the 1970s and there is no window. Feels like a closet. Locker room has never been cleaned to my knowledge.
Since I work on night shift, 2:30pm to 1:00 am, I was not here when the lights were darken on one side of my cubicle. Only the middle light bulb was darkened on the other side. I needed the first bulb or light strip to be darkened. No arrangement was made to come during my shift even though that information was provided in the request. So, I still have to use an umbrella on the right side of my cubicle. Now, the next cubicle is occupied, so I will just have to live with it.
cubicles old dirty worn, carpet worn, lighting in adequate lights turn off in adjacent offices make my office dark all the time need more lighting over my cubicle to see.  Dusty/dirty in office.  Seems cluttery.
Multiple work orders have been put in for work in office.
they went cheap on the dividers and they have very little acoustical damping.   \\When I look at the cost effectiveness of our recent build out the costs were staggering.  I am familiar with how much things cost outside of government in the local area and this was government waste at it's finest.  The quality is overall decent, but what was done is not cost effective.
The building's elevators are very old and fail often, it's a shame these weren't replaced during the building renovation, and now we need new ones. \\The pink noise machines use a lot of electricity and have little discernible impact on workplace conversational noise, so we should have the option to turn them off if staff agree to in a given work area. \\The HVAC system provides little effective filtration for either intense smoke (as we experienced during the Santa Rosa wildfire) or even regular pollen seasons. As these are particulates, I would expect a central building HVAC to be somewhat effective against these pollutants and irritants. \\Tile in some bathrooms already began to break within a year of renovation completion, and have gone unrepaired for years following.
Building 15 at NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston TX is most likely the worst building on campus.  The rooms are old and never dusted or swept.  The scheduled trash pickup is only once per week and is occasionally skipped.  There is no attempt to sweep the floors or stairwells.  The facility manager is unresponsive.
The privacy room doors should have never taken as long as they did to get repaired and the privacy rooms need to get policed for people making them their private offices.
You guys stink. Horrendous service. never fix things on time. Building is a over priced, over budget piece of crap. SHAME on you for charging the amount you do to the government and not even getting something as a roof fixed on time and done correctly. It has been fixed about 4 times in the past 3 years. Very incompetent and miss use of government funds. \Why is the AC controlled from FLORIDA? Really why? They don't know how hot or cold it is in here. It has been -25 outside and then inside the rooms the thermostats read 20 degrees. WHY? Or it has been 86 outside and the thermostat reads 75?? WHY? Its way too hot or way too cold.\We need to handle our own AC. And what is up with the constant issues with the plumbing here?
Office too small for four staff
love my job. I use ergonomical keyboard and seating. very comfortable and spacious where I sit. air qualify is comfortable in winter and summer.
old workstation, old electrical outlets on floor
New lower cubicles are being installed. These are TERRIBLE! The work environment is noisy because of people having conversations in the area and no cube walls to block the sound.
some of the contracted security is very unprofessional & its obvious that they have been moved to areas where they have less contact with people, they still come off rude.  also, the whole introduction to the ID card reader was terrible and it seemed like it took months for the contractors to figure out how to get them to work properly.
The temperature controls are not consistent.  While we have been directed to change the temperatures at our zones, it doesn't "override" as indicated and hovers at close to 70 degrees which is really too cold in the inner offices and cube areas.  Most people wear heavy sweaters and rely on hot drinks to keep warm in the middle of the summer.  Summer colds are an issue -- why can't a state-of-the art building be better regulated???????????
The cubicle spaces are pretty open and thefts have been experienced.  The locking floor unit is not very secure when locked.  Someone can easily pull and break the lock taking whatever they want if they pull hard enough.  The units are not very sturdy in structure and can easily break.
Our work area has not been vacuumed in months.  The cleaning crew empties the trash, but not much else is done. Restrooms often are out of toilet paper, hand soap & paper towels.
The air quality is a huge issue in this building; autos and trucks are allowed to idle in the basement and near air intakes; there is often an odor of car exhaust; elevators are often out of order; inconsistency with the guards and their safety protocols when entering the building; no cafeteria or decent/healthy food choices in the vending machines; paper towels are often not filled in public or office restroom and kitchen; carpets are often not vacuumed or stains cleaned. This building could be so much better but is managed so poorly.
The building needs to be reconfigured and renovate to provide a more efficient way to produce currency like the western currency facility.
Employees use two computer monitors but the monitors do not match. This looks sloppy and thus it leads to sloppy work by some employees.
There has been discussion for a couple of years about a security door which has never actually happened.  Front office staff are an open target.
We do have a horrible problem with rodents and roaches. Thanks.
A great work environment to actively complete and encourage to finish jobs
My cubicle is shared with another inspector, due to lack of space in the office.  The cubicle walls are old, tattered and poorly constructed.  The desk/counter space in my cubicle is not correctly fastened down, and poses a safety risk in the event someone were to lean on it.  The file cabinets that feature locks don't work, and other file cabinets are missing the lock cylinders altogether making it impossible to lock personal drawers and properly secure sensitive documents.
There are too many staff members in my office.  There are 6 health care providers who often times need to contact patients by phone.  There is a lot of traffic in and out of the office, and many conversations related to business or personal issues.  This is very distracting.
This building is terrible and not maintained; it looks bad on the outside and in.
Workspace too small for day to day needs.
1st floor hallway parallel to Training Room has an odor and roach problem. Roaches have also been seen in the corresponding 1st floor restrooms.
Furniture is not flexible enough to allow for standing desk and still having meetings in my office. No additional table or seating is available.
My greatest concern are the number of trip hazards approaching building 200 from the front entrance or through the courtyard. There are numerous pavers that are sticking up or completely missing in both areas. There are several sign posts that are broken off with a few inches of metal sticking up from the ground. One of our patient's wife trip on it and smashed her face on the ground requiring a trip to the ED\\ One of the courtyard doors of building 200 is missing 6-8 pavers in one spot that leaves about  a four inch drop when one steps out the door. The stones have been in this condition for at least 2 years and I have nearly fallen when using the courtyard. Patients/visitors also use the courtyard from time.  to time.\\Inside bldg. 200  the stairs  between the lower ground level and the upper ground level (near the "A" elevators) are difficult for the visually impaired to see. There needs to be fluorescent paint or tape to show the edges of the step for safe navigation.\\Thankyou for the opportunity to provide feedback, I look forward to the positive changes that are coming.
Our parking garage costs are relatively high and there is no pre-tax parking account that we can take advantage of. Additionally, electric vehicle charging stations should be installed throughout parts of the parking garage.
I feel like I'm closed in and could use a little more space in my cubicle.
Issue 1: As a manager, I am increasingly frustrated that we must stack our employees into a space designed for a single person.  Initially all my staff had a single office.  Now all of my staff must share and it has been rumored that the managers should share office space as well.  My employees are very dissatisfied with this situation.  Since coming to the campus, I/my staff will have been "restacked" three times in an 8 year period.\\Issue 2: we report to facilities management about problems with plumbing/toilets but they are not addressed.\\Issue 3: the building leaks.  It has a smell to it because of this and because of the poor water quality.\\Issue 4: water is not drinkable and this problem has not been resolved. \\Issue 5: we do not have enough parking space and this is getting worse as more employees are packed onto the campus.\\Issue 6:  Stop signs are added without proper marking on the pavement and without prior notification (such as flags on the stop sign itself and emails to staff).\\Issue 7: the building was designed for light and space and all the windows in the common areas are covered because the HVAC cannot keep up with the sun's heat on that side of the building.  It looks like a stalag and this has been point out by visitors to the building.
The building is very hot in the summers and quite cold in the winters. It is as if there is an issue with the HVAC system and is very uncomfortable.
Partitions for the people who have a workspace in the bays of a multi-person office would be beneficial for ensuring the privacy of handling sensitive work. It would also reduce distractions from shared printers and copiers.
In the winter A checkpoint is freezing and in the summer A is like an oven. We are told it is because of the construction. But in truth, it has been like this for the last 15 years.
(1)I would get rid of the word extremely satisfied or dissatisfied, most people will not use extremely for most things in general.\(2)If you have any say in the post office's hours, I would like to see that they are open during the lunch hour. Perhaps a supervisor could man the station when the front desk clerk takes lunch. \(3)It is very sad that the government continue to contract work with companies that do such bad work.  The sidewalk and part of the plaza is being worked on because of poor concrete work in the past.  There are many buildings that have work done without having to re-do the work.
COMPUTER PLACEMENT AND EQUIPMENT
I prefer for my personal workspace to at least have high partitions that people cannot see over when standing; any lower and it would lead to an increase in the level of noise travel and visual distractions (i.e. people who walk by)
Summer months office is hot, winter months office is cold.  Every staff member has complained and Facilities has tried to correct it with no results.
The bathrooms always run out of paper towels.
I wish there was a workstation designed to eliminate or curtail hearing conversations aisles over.
Nice to have enough room to talk to a veteran face to face AND sit at a computer terminal, and then turn around for and examination of the veteran on a functioning electrical exam table, but with only a functioning otoscope and a non-functioning ophthalmoscope, and a wall mounted sphygmomamometer in some rooms but not all.  Nice to have a fresh paint job just before this survey and new non-matching (but non-cracked) floor tiles as well in all the rooms at the facility.
Office serves as an exam room for my patients, and it is about 2 feet too small in each direction.  If a vet comes in a wheelchair there is a lot of climbing over things to get the visit completed.
Because some federal employees are just nasty, it makes the housekeeping staff looks like they are not doing a great job.  The housekeeping staff is doing a great job. The real problem is some federal employees.
Much of provided equipment is unusable.
Noise is a problem in personal work spaces, even in single person offices
Not enough desk space, no real storage to speak of, not ergonomic
I like having a window that I can open and my own set of lights I can control with a switch.
Heather Jackson helps me out if I need anything
no security in workspace - leaves us very vulnerable
The building is always freezing! In winter there is not enough heat and in the summer the A/C is blasting and freezing!  We are only allowed to adjust the heat/cool in our individual offices to a certain degree which is not warm enough.  No ability to open the windows means that odors cannot be ventilated; neither from the offices or the restrooms.  Poor ventilation systems in the restrooms means they smell horrible most of the time.  The security contractors are a joke.  There are four or more of them at each entrance (way too many!) and they stand around and talk to each other; don't pay attention to who is coming/going, are out of shape - if I wanted to evade them, I easily could, and are unprofessional.
The cubicles do not block out noises from other workers or from the hall spaces.  The ventilation system design prevents enclosed offices.  Even so, the temperature is too warm on my floor, and often uncomfortably chilly on other floors.  In most of the team rooms and some of the offices there is almost no perceptible ventilation.\\The design of the urinals is inadequate, and there is only one in most of the men's rooms.  In nearly all of them, there is urine on the floor, and often urine on the toilet seats.  Ventilation in the men's rooms is also hit or miss.
The outside landscaping project that was just completed outside is wonderful!
Walls are not sound proof, you can hear conversations that are private and being held behind closed doors
We are thankful that GSA approved the lease for our space in 2016-2017, and the majority of employees are extremely satisfied with the workspace that we have.
Annoyed by lack of basic maintenance in and around building.  Door hinges squeal from lack of oil, so called handicap accessible doors appear to far exceed the pull requirements, exterior landscaping only gets lawn mowed.  Flowers/trees/shrubs have not been touched in years.  Trash remains in parking lot - no scheduled maintenance.  Drains around handicap parking not clear - results in up to 6" puddles for handicap space users to navigate.  Military frequently blocks outside doors open or leaves compound gate open over weekend.  Nice building, but not much maintenance.
The biggest complaint I have is there is no standoff for this building and there is no way to fix it.  The lease for this building should never have been signed.
noise and conversations can easily be heard at the front interview stations which could heard by visitors and lead to loss of pii.  this also is a major concern with the two front interview stations. there is no wall on the visitor side so others can easily hear conversations.  most people are uncomfortable and mention that they are worried about another visitor hearing their information.  also there is a concern of the open window between visitors and interviewers at front interview desk.  they can lean in and most of them are coughing through the window and onto the keyboard and person interviewing them.  this has caused me to get sick on multiple occasions even with use of hand sanitizer.  it would be nice to have glass or plastic between me and the visitor at least partially so that germ spread is minimized.
The front walkway area and the ramp can be very slippery especially when wet. Please consider adding some non-skid material or some high friction strips to improve the footing in all seasons.
The best thing that could happen is to have the facility manager stop piling furniture in spaces and leaving them looking like junk. He purposely blocks the fire exits, even after he is told. The spaces not occupied look like a hoarder lives there. There is no pride in his work. AND no ACCOUNTABILITY - he should be made to un do all the furniture he piled up, he has broken a ton of furniture for no reason - just moving it into a space so it looks like a big fat mess. Someone, anyone should tell him to fix what he has done, but they don't. It is fraud, waste and abuse. And if you believe in the broken windows theory - it brings the staff down. It was nice - now it is a dump. The cleaning people clean just fine - it is all the crap the facility manager has randomly piled up and left in shambles.
the owner of this building does not make the necessary repairs needed to work in a clean, safe environment.
the shape and size of my desk is not useful. The positioning of my computer screens is not ideal.
Only have one exam room which make for very inefficient patient care. Also, it takes an act of Congress to get work orders completed within a month, if not even longer.
Trash should be taken out at the end of the day, as opposed to the middle of the day as is the current practice. Any trash that is put in trash cans after 12:00/1:00 ends up being left overnight, or over the weekend, which is a hazard for attracting bugs and mice. I have seen dead cockroaches in the hallways.
The holes on my desk are too far away from the edge for the computer arm. I cant adjust the arm for my monitor to an appropriate spot for my stand up desk. Terrible set up. If I raise my desk, the monitor doesn't raise up high enough. Renders my standup desk useless.
The Bathrooms need to be cleaned more often and the floors need to be swept everyday.
The Atlanta Complex needs to have a new building. There's too many issues in this old building.\It would be cost efficient and help the employees complete their tasks more effectively, without running into building issues.
Telephones are used to complete work.  The partitions assist in keeping down noise levels.
I think I'm manage a very complicated complex historical building with a low grade position and Understand that should be most higher grade. I understand that I being margined. I do not get it.  As Building Manager in GSA by ten years, I am not being promoted. It is unpleasant stay on this place.\\Thanks
The manager offices are on high traffic hallways creating a lot of noise.  As a result, I work with the door closed.  Being behind a closed door signals to employees that management is not available.\\Also, the manager offices are on the interior of the building making cell phone connections unusable.  Without, a good cell phone connection in the building, I'm almost completely unreachable unless I sit at my desk (with the door closed) all day.\\I have learned to avoid coming into the office since it makes me unproductive.
No vending machines for drinks or snacks.
I really like the open layout.  Contributes to collaboration and camaraderie.  However, sometimes another individual will be sitting in a space that I've reserved.  Some of those times I have to move to a completely different section.  I suggest having a temporary password to use a reserved docking station.
Lack of natural light and inability to open windows; vacuuming only being offered during working hours interrupting phone calls, meetings, or rushed deadlines; no visitor/guest space in offices.
This is a fantastic building and workspace, other than the restrooms. They are often with odors, the faucets are ridiculous; who ever decided to put 2 handled faucets in? They should be automatic on or at least single lever; it's almost impossible to have warm water to wash your hands, hot is too hot, again single lever or auto on/off faucets. The urinals and toilets often do not flush contributing greatly to the odor issue. The deodorant mechanism on the wall rarely works (probably no one thinks to refill it).
My workspace is not secure and sometimes I have telephone calls that concern sensitive matters which I do not feel comfortable discussing in such an open environment.
The workspace furniture was forced upon us. The desk is not adjustable and has "hard"/"sharp" edges which are irritating to the hands, wrists and arms. The lack of adjustability creates ergonomic hazards to the head neck and shoulders.
Upgrades to an 75 year old building would be nice
work station too small, chairs are uncomfortable, too many people crowded in small space which is distracting
I was unable to get the mobile site to allow me to select the building.  This survey is for Department of Education, California location , 50 United Nations plaza federal\Building.  Thanks!
the custodians never mop the floors of our bathrooms.  ever.  I have worked here almost ten years and have never once seen them mopping or seen wet floors.
The hallways and non-pt care offices are not clean. Often they do not have a housekeeper assigned, making is necessary for staff to have to purchase their own cleaning supplies, toilet paper, etc, as well as take out their own garbage.
We are so open with the workstations that people yell to and fro to get answers from co workers instead of getting up. It is so noisy and cluttered as there is inadequate space to have shelves to hold all your research materials.
we sit to close 2gether as it is and now is gonna be even smaller can here to much of others conversations . People will be sic all the time no ventilation in this bulding
Overall bldg. and work area meets needs. Room temp is either too hot or too cold, also noted that rugs in office are not always vacuumed and needs dusting....
My main concern is the air quality.  I have submitted a request to have air vents cleaned and air tested, as my eyes burn on a daily basis within 20 minutes of entering building.  Sore throat, clogged nose.  The carpet in entry way of door S1 is filled with the smell of mold and dust. You can smell the minute you walk in the building the rotten air.  And the smell of sewer gas on some days is extremely concerning.  When the heat is on the smell is extremely bad. Outside airvents need to  be open more often.  When we come in on a Monday after the ventilation has been off all weekend, the air is terrible.
Building security is too tight, building is too cold, building is inconveniently located in Virginia rather than DC, building is too far from metro, building has no cafetera
Desk area is not set up ideally with respect to entry doors to the office.  My back is turned to the doors and I am facing the window.  Too much direct sun on me in the morning and having my back to the window means it is difficult to work on sensitive material because it's hard to know when someone walks in the room or is in the doorway.  It is also hard for people to come in as they feel they are interrupting me.
Too small for 3 people and dirty.
Some context for comments:\re: Common spaces -- there is inadequate available space for staff meetings, and offices were not provided with guidance about parameters for sharing available rooms (for example, we must share spaces with other offices, which makes scheduling recurring meetings challenging).  \re: building temperatures and lighting -- my office temperatures fluctuate widely, and in the mornings I frequently have to wear a thick sweater to stay comfortable. In the afternoons it gets hot from direct sun. we are discouraged from closing our blinds so we can "share the light" with others on the interior of the building, but the large number of windows makes it very bright and hard on my eyes.  \re: personal office space - task chairs provided as extra chairs are extremely heavy and difficult to move.  Due to issues with meeting space in this building, I use my office frequently for meetings, and have to bring in chairs from other offices in order to have adequate seating for meetings.  The available chairs are not designed to be moved easily which makes it tough to rearrange spaces.  Also, I do not have adequate spaces for paper files in my office.\On the plus side -- this is a brand new building so everything is clean and new.
The parking at this facility is great!  This is one of the best locations I have had the privilege to work at in my over 30 years in Federal Service.
The white tarp/roof outside my office is blinding in the sun - generally have to shut blinds in afternoon.  This was not a problem previously.  \\The sensor lights in my office are dim and tend to go off when I am actually in there working\\We need greenspace where we could sit outside to have lunch.\\More vacuuming would be nice
I am in the Dept. of Energy Forrestal Building.
Not enough computers for users and those that are there don’t work half the time
The bathrooms need to be remodeled for aesthetics and ventilation. \Our desks should have adjustable lifts so we can stand and work on our computers.
1) Outside of the Annex entrance (near the daycare center) as you are walking up the sidewalk to the parking lot, there is raised concrete that numerous people have tripped on, and some even fallen.  It was roped off for several months with security tape, but that's gone now and the raised concrete is still there.\\2) Could we have hot water in the kitchen on the 3rd floor just to the left after you get off the elevator (Annex-day care entrance side)?  Previously, it was scalding hot and a ticket was put in to correct, but now it's barely lukewarm.\\3) Throughout the complex, there are many, many ladies bathroom faucets that spray water all over your clothing when you put your hands underneath the faucet to rinse them.  Could the water pressure be turned down slightly to prevent this?\\4) MOST IMPORTANTLY - If you have anything to do with the new food service contract at SSA's Woodlawn complex, please, please, please find out what the heck is going on with the food selection, quality and pricing.  Everyone is complaining about this, and having the cafeteria shut down for several days due to health department violations doesn't make anyone feel better about what we have for food choices.  Surely they (Eurest, I believe) must be in violation of their contract, based on the food or lack thereof, that they are serving.  The COTAR is dropping the ball on this.
GSA staff and contractors are the absolute best.  My only complaint is that its too hot and dry in the winter and too hot and humid in the summer.  The air in the office seems stagnant.  Makes it difficult to do your work.
This building is old and we get a lot of creatures coming through the doors such as bugs, spiders, baby snakes, mice, etc.  The tile in the bathroom is so old it always looks dirty.  The ventilation in the bathrooms is almost non existent.  No one ever cleans the glass around this building, why? There is no dusting unless we do it ourselves.
it is actually a single person office or cubicle with a door.  No privacy, hear all conversations in the building, at times difficult to hear my phone conversations.
Wish they would vacuum the carpets more often.\The cleaning crew is great!\the gym is setup as a personal gym for resistance training using machines. Makes it difficult to share/rotate through when others are present and using the same equipment-also a little intimidating if unsure how to use it. Gym could use a couple of simple chairs and an adjustable bench (some free weight lifting and certain types of setup's.)
we have pipes making noises in back hallway when toilets are flushed/the air fresheners in bathroom are empty/no ones has replaced insert/always having trouble w/sinks/turning on and running/have to put in work order and turn off underneath/kitchen sink always has a shrill noise that have to go mess w/faucets for it to stop/several in backroom and very noisy when have to answer phones/trash outside around clinic/around strip is ridiculous/every 2 steps there is trash
The elevators at the Hart Dole Inouye Federal Center are terrible.  You never know when you are going to be stuck,  Currently there is only one good functioning elevator for this very large building that is dependable.  Seems like there should be an improvement for the safety of the employees.
Our Department reduced telework from 4 days to 1 day per week.  The office space we are in is cubicles with half to 3/4 walls and is not conducive to the type of work we do.  We do not have customers that come to our workplace; we go to them.  Our phone calls are often of a confidential nature and the set-up here requires us to find private meeting rooms for calls.  USDA-APHIS Fort Collins, CO, NRRC Building B
Building- Norwalk, CA (drop down menu was not working effectively)\\The designated smoking area is directly on a pathway to the building so everyone walking by is exposed (and many people smoke sitting essentially on the pathway). The bathroom temperature is especially low.
Bathrooms doors don't close properly or at all.  Need cleansing more times a day.  /  Parking for employees is too expensive in this building.  If I were working in San Patricio I would have free parking.  /  During last emergency drill guards did not have provided the same instructions.
my office is one of the few that has a thermostat that actually works so my temperature is good for me.  Once I leave my office though, the temperature varies wildly in the office building. The noise level outside of my office can get higher so I wear headphones to do my work.  This is satisfactory. My biggest problem concerns parking.  Since we are on a college campus, the students park in our USGS parking area. Another adjacent college parks here too making it hard for USGS employees to find spots during the winter.  There is no enforcement on parking.  Also, security is pretty much non-existent here.  Case in point, 2 different government vehicles have been stolen as well as personal vehicles.  During the Alaska winters, it is dark when we come to work and leave so security issues for women going to their cars is also a something on our mind.
Cleanliness in department areas could be better. Floors should be vacuumed more within department and within the waiting area.  Exam/Patient care rooms should be swept/mopped more often.
Sharing cubes designed for hoteling while the new requirements severly reduce telework.
The security lanes are to tight against each other.  The xray operator can not sit at the xray due to lack of chairs, broken chairs, or no space to sit.  And if both xray operators are sitting, rare, its very difficult for another person to walk between the lanes.
Building is well maintained and the staff pleasant.
HRS funded a major reconstruction of its space in the Theodore Roosevelt Building. It is absolutely beautiful and well done, including enclosed offices, cubicle, and telework spaces.
Would like the building and the whole facility to be scent free!  I have a workmen's compensation case due to people wearing perfume/cologne and cigarette reside.  Tough to breath!
Old building, old furniture\\The person in charge of the building rarely comes in and does not address issues proactively.  If I can see lights are not working, I don't know why the employee in charge can't.
The chair in my office could be updated. It is old and uncomfortable to sit for long periods.
I work in Building 921 and there are several vacant offices that have become a space for people to deposit their unwanted furniture, excess telephones etc.  I believe that when an office becomes vacant, it should be cleaned, made ready for the next occupant and then locked until a new applicant comes.  There are computers in vacant offices, telephones etc.  I am sure these are things that could be used throughout the site instead of purchasing new.
People ignore the use of scents rule way too often.  I have an office but do share and my things (supplies) are often missing.  We need more shelter walking from the parking deck -- covered walking space.  There needs to be more speed bumps in the parking deck.  You take your life in your hands when you walk in the parking decks.
I am very pleased with the service and conditions.  Thanks !!
It takes month's to a year in order to receive office equipment moves, and many times the moves just don't happen.  Equipment requests seem to be the least of importance and patient care and provider satisfaction of their work environment suffer due to this occurring.
If possible, could GSA ensure other tenants inform visitors of exact public entrance on Front Street. These visitors get frustrated when redirected from the Plaza entrance. This is a recurring encounter s that many people I know experience, either while at lunch, on break, or attempting to enter the building.
Would like to see SPEED BUMPS installed in the employee garage.  \Would also like to see improved NO PARKING/NO IDLING signage AND enforcement in the driveway exiting the employee garage as often cars are parked in driveway causing unnecessary, excessive traffic issues at end of duty of tours.  \Would also like to see IMPROVED patient parking -- to mean EMPLOYEES who park in the patient garage should have a designated area and NOT park in the spots closest to the doors- the most accessible spots to the entrance way should be reserved for those WE are here to serve- not for those employees who want "good" "close" "convenient" parking.  Frustrated me to see employees pull into spots near doorway while veterans circle around trying to find a spot
Not enough space for the amount of files and paperwork that I work on.
Downtown Milwaukee has many issues. Gun violence has been an issue, personal parking is an issue, our office only has 1/3 of the cubicles filled. For the cost that the government is paying for GOV cars and this office is a complete waste of money. GSA needs to do an audit and realize the waste of money it is to have this office in this location.
can hear others in their offices, which means they can hear me
This office is not located in a location that works for the duties we have at the federal courthouse or to community of San Antonio.
We need more office space
Building #4 was constructed and designed to house residents and this building was not meant for office space.  We have stairs that we constantly have to go up and down throughout the day.  I have had co-workers fall up or down the stairs.  I myself almost took a tumble a few times.  The building is never the correct temperature.  It is either too hot or too cold.  The way the individual offices are designed are not meant for security measures if we needed to exit our offices in a hurry.  Police presence is rare and if an emergency came up, it would pose an issue for the safety of officers as well as the timing of the officers.  We are hiring more staff and running out of room.  Soon some co-workers will have to double up.  We have one co-worker who is currently displaced.
None at this time.
Sometimes it is difficult to get a conference room. Outside doors don't shut and lock during the summer due to air pressure in building unless you push them shut. Not enough parking for all employees to have head bolt heaters during the winter if everyone shows up to work - which usually does not happen. Address of building has changed from 1150 University Ave. to 222 University Ave.
no work supplies. no safe space to lock up personal belongings.
The parking situation is stupid!  Why would we pay $65 per month to park when we can walk right across the street and pay $10 less.  This would not be a big deal except I been with the agency 22 years...can you imagine 22 years x 12 months  x $10 per month  loss in pay? We need cheaper parking.
Two of the bathrooms on the first floor of 41 in the warehouses are are very bad condition. Both bathrooms need to be remodeled. A bathroom with shower needs to add to the gym in building 41.
Once GSA decided to dispose of our building they cut back all the services to maintain a nice appearance on the outside, they stopped vacuuming, and removed all of our trash cans.  The remaining trash cans are emptied weekly which I'm sure makes the rats happy.
My office is too small.  I need more room for the amount of work to be completed
The desk configuration is not suited for today's working environment. The desktop space is not large enough for a keyboard and computer monitors. It would be fine if we were working in 1955.  But we're not.  It is obvious that whomever selected the workspace furniture did not due his/her due diligence on size, compatibility with electronic gear/computers. This leads to a lot of awkward computer placements.
I spend a good deal of time writing and reading, this can be very challenging when the people in the surrounding cubicles are on talking in teleconferences.
Floor mat is out dated. The commissary counter is old and out dated. The scanner doesn't  pick up the scan bar on the products.
The cleanliness of the building as it relates to upkeep provided by our own cleaning staff is impeccable. They do the absolute best they can with what they are cleaning. With that being said, this building was never meant to have full time workers in the basement and it shows! The ventilation is horrible and many staff complain of illnesses. The insect problems are never-ending.
THEY NEED TO COME IN AND DO MORE MOVING AROUND/ AND REMOVING OF CABINETS THAT WE JUST DON'T USE, MORE SCHEDULING OF THAT TIME. CARPETS NEED TO BE VACUMED AND CLEANED MORE AND BIGGER CUBBIES.
Our office have a mold and humidity problem.
The heating and cooling fail regularly.  We received AC compressor 2 different times last year and another on went out this year.  Then 1/4 or more of building is intolerably Hot and takes 3-5 days to fix. Internal portions of HVAC are also failing-particularly the air handlers in the ceilings.  As soon as they fix one of the rattling noisy non functioning handlers another one fails.  They just sent us an e-mail that someone was coming to cut down the dead trees that died 2 years ago.  The building is between 20 and 25 years old and its components are wearing out. Many of the window seals have failed.  In the bathrooms they finally replaced the corroded faucets so they look nice and can be cleaned properly.
Pharmacy airflow is non-existent.  Air vents have never been cleaned since I started working here, some even have mold or fungus growing on them. Work orders are put in and no one ever even looks at them.  Carpets are occasionally vacuumed and have never been actually cleaned since Ive worked here. Bathrooms outside of pharmacy have sinks that have never worked since I started and other single person bathrooms near pharmacy office entrance the sinks work about 10% of the time, even after multiple calls about it. Pharmacy design is horribly outdated.
I'm grateful to have a single-person office. I moved offices because the setup of my previous office was horrendous. I'm grateful to have a standing desk. Otherwise, I cannot say I am satisfied with my office.
Overall building is very nice.  However, there is an ongoing concern about not having restroom facilities within our secure space.  The restrooms are in a common area which is shared with everyone, including the visitors to the psychologists across the hall from us.  \Not secure at all, especially for the non agents that get confronted regularly by people with mental disorders.
This workspace lacks both meeting space and storage space for seized evidence.
Bathrooms and common areas (underneath hoteling stations) are always dirty.  Cleaning in bathrooms does not happen sufficiently, and supplies are always out.
While working late February 13, 2018 to meet an imminent deadline, I was forced to respond to a fire alarm drill and wade through deep snow out into the parking lot alone at night.  The front desk guard noticed me and motioned me back in the building and said they assumed nobody was there when they sounded the alarm and I should ignore it.  They then sounded the alarm an additional 45 minutes while I was trying to work.
It seems to have lost my location. 1250 N. Airport Dr.\Springfield, IL 62707
I am in an all brick and concrete room with double doors that have no solid seal.  snow and rain pass through the cracks of the door every time there is weather.  the room has a very large, mounted area heater that is extremely loud and does not heat the room well.  This room is utterly cold in the winter and extremely uncomfortable during the summer.  It has a small, single paned window that is not sealed above my desk.  it leaks water as well when it rains.
I think it would be nice to be able to make a telephone call without the whole office listening.  Some consideration for privacy would go a long way in job satisfaction.
The maintenance and condition of our office has noticeably improved under its current ownership and management.  Inconsistent temperature remains an issue but has improved, and current maintenance staff are very attentive and do the best they can to keep everyone happy.
Parking - should always be included in any contracted office space being acquired. Thanks
I live about 15 to 20 minutes from my work space.  I have the option to work from home but choose to come into work everyday.  the closeness to home is very important to me.  I can overlook a lot of other people's complaints because I am close to home.  I have no problem being underground, I have no problem with leaking/cracked toilets, leaking faucets, dust overhead..... and what have you as long as I am this close to home and my health permits me to keep working here.....I am actually very satisfied.  I do not want to relocate.
I would like to see the side walks sprayed down, often times there is animal feces (duck, geese, dear, fox) on the ramp and handrails.  That is tracked into the building and on the carpet that contributes to the odor and the carpet being nasty.  There is black mold on the air conditioning units we are told that its dust and dirt, but there are several employees, consecutively, year after year that are treated for respiratory issues once the units are turned on.
The VA has spent mega bucks remodeling this ICU by some one who does not work in the area of function. With out a working knowledge of the patient flow or administrative concerns of an ICU.\The Space use is not good for communication between the nurses and Clerk or Clerk and Doctors.\The Clerk is isolated out of sight from the patient movements and administrative needs both logistic and functional.
The management of the building leaves much to be desired, to say that they are unpleasant is an understatement. There is no security nor Federal security officers and there have issues where having a security officer would have been helpful. And the building is cold year round, rarely is it a comfortable temperature.
We love the responsiveness of the building management and contracted cleaning staff.  The facility is well run and ideally located for our needs.
I would prefer to work in a permanent building as the one I work in is a portable-style building.
The design of the office I'm in meant that HVAC would not function properly. That should have been an issue corrected THEN. Now is too late.\\The parking fee for employees is ridiculous.
The HVAC is the main concern.  The noise and high pitched sound when it actually turns off occasionally actually lets you know how loud it really is.  The building is not ADA compliant and it is broken up in multiple staircases.  Once elevator but it isn't from the ground floor.  The design is the strangest thing I have ever see and I've been with the FEDS for over 28 years.
I spend 80% of the day, with my desk in the standing position.\I would like to have a chair that rose high enough to rest on with out going to a complete seated position, like a high "stool"
my office is made for one person, two would be pushing it but we have three providers sharing this one space.  we all have old desks and computers which break down every other day.  the floors are dirty and sticky. dust everywhere. old file cabinets and book shelves. my patient care area isn't any better.  Dirty floors.  trash left in corners for days. dusty.  one room the vent blows so hard we joke with the patient that we have to yell for the patients to hear us over the noise of the HVAC system.  not to mention, it's freezing cold.  there are inadequate number of red bags, linen and trash bags near my treatment area. some days the containers are there without bags.  when I ask housekeeping they tell me to put in a work order for a trash bag.  ridiculous.  stop treating patients to put in a work order for a trash bag. I had a patient with a dog that shed all over the room. patient came in on a Friday.  On Monday, the hair was still there.  called housekeeping. they never came.  My assistant and I stopped treating patients, located a broom and dust pan and cleaned the room ourselves.
No control over the thermostat in my location despite prior work orders and repair people changing the permissions to allow my control. Some days my nose and fingers are cold to touch. I believe the thermostat controls an environmental trash collection room and a computer storage area. The air return from the trash room connects to the ceiling above my desk. Very loud when the trash room is in use. Elevators not always flush with bay floors. When environmental came to check on the issue, he was very much against finding any issue. He had to be led through the assessment to finally admit there was an issue. The problem was then corrected. \The campus is open to anyone. Non-VA people park in handicapped spaces near administrative parking and walk to non-VA buildings nearby. Police are aware, but do not patrol this area. The large handicapped parking area is often near capacity, many of the parking spots are further from the building than regular patient spots. Covered areas to wait for bus transport leak so that one gets wet during rain. They are generally dirty with the same trash for weeks. Smoking rooms near two entrances emit strong, choking smoke/odor.
Overall, I am very pleased with my environment and I make it work for me. Following are just some notes. All the electrical outlets in my workspace are on one side of the room. The desktop (it has a credenza) is crowded with computer equipment and no room for the phone. The front left side approaching the building could use some grass. When it rains, it just floods the sidewalks. Some areas of the stairwells have peeling paint. And the second floor (I am on the 4th) of this building is so dark, dreary and cramped. It looks as if every floor got updated but that one.
I love everything about the building and amenities except the cockroaches.  I try and be careful when eating at my desk and clean up, but still they persist.  I haven't named all of them yet, but would like to since they greet me in the morning when I come in (then they scurry to the phone and behind the desk for the rest of the day).
Generally speaking, it seems like the owner of our building doesn't care about our concerns.  at all. ever. Carpets are old, ventilation problems, restrooms are terrible. It doesn't seem to matter to the owner of the building.\By the way, there's no way to navigate back in the survey if you've entered the wrong building; many buildings were not listed...
I feel the 6th floor 5th wing bathroom needs to be cleaned and monitored more.  I go to other wings to use the bathroom.
The workspace is noisy. The walls have no soundproofing and are very low so there is no barrier. When we moved here we were told that this would be corrected but after we arrived we were informed that there would be no investment in enhancing our space.\\Also, our area has been discovered as a pass through so people who don't even work in our office walk through all the time which adds to noise and lack of privacy.\\There is mold in the ducts but no plan to remove it. We have reported it regularly.\\As to exterior cleanliness, unfortunately, people ignore the signs and smoke in the outdoor passageway between WJC South and East, where the bike racks are located. There are always filthy cigarette butts on the ground were we bikers need to place our bags as we maneuver our bikes.
The only thing that bothers me about my office is that due to where the bookcases are located, they cover the light switch sensor, so my lights automatically turn off every 45 minutes.  I had to purchase a floor lamp so that if I was in a meeting or something when the lights turned off, I wasn't sitting in complete darkness.
This building is old and not up to date. There is not enough staff to maintain the office space. Trash sits for days in the trash cans. We have to call for a pick up. The A/C is off and on as to whether or not it will work. The vents are dirty. There are issues with bugs and it is generally not kept clean on a regular basis. It is very disappointing. We also lack the space in the office. What we do  involves private health information and I have someone sitting less than 1 foot from me on the phone. It is difficult to hear on the phone.
Constant leaks in the 6th floor mens bathroom. The water result sin a muddy floor.
Garage too small, tight, cramped, not very safe work envirement.
I am fortunate enough to have a window office, so I make use of natural light. Parts of the walls between offices in my row have a thin section by the windows that leaks sound...I can hear almost every word of someone's conversation and I need a space with more confidentiality.
Herman, Philly and Emily give great support as security and front desk management. Marta Junior does a great job cleaning our office every day!\\I also enjoy the periodic events that building management has.
Prefer a remote area since I'm on the phone a lot and require more work space to compile notebooks for training.
Small cube space with no natural lighting
Why is it that everyone doesn't have the same furniture when it was provided or ordered to all be the same?
Love the new stand up desks.
My workstation is not safe. We cannot see the front door due to the wall partition blocking it. There are mirrors on the ceiling but are so small no body can see the front door. We are unable to see all areas of waiting room. We are enclosed behind us as well with no where to run if we had to. We have no safety glass separating us from the patients. We only have one panic button for 4 stations.
Having only partitions means it gets pretty noisy when everyone is in (especially fire seasonals).
Our seizure room can use better ventilation to the outside.  We process many chemical seizures and the fumes of these seizures are dangerous if there is poor ventilation.
Location is convenient. \\There is a need for collaborative spaces and small quiet rooms that employees can use as needed without having to contact administrators to reserve.\\Temperatures are inconsistent throughout the floor. \\Sensitivity of motion detectors for automated toilets in restrooms needs to be adjusted.
My biggest concern is the furniture. Its rusting, sometimes cannot get drawers open. The air quality is dry.
The gates of this building are always broken, also vehicles can tail you in after you have swipe your access card to open the gate.\\This facility has many conference rooms, but not even one location for an exercise room (GYM) like all the other FAA facilities.\\Also, there is only one break area (Gazebo) for smoking................ No break area with picnic tables for employees to eat lunch outside or just to relax without choking on second hand smoke.
This bldg is very old, large office was without heat for 7 years! Finally fixed. a wall mounted htr was used in winter, space heaters under the desks, water leaks from roof in many offices to where buckets are always kept there, always smells of mold-can't be healthy, very humid to where paper is soft and rolls in the summer, sinks were backing up, toilets back up due to drainage, The tribe gets a lot of money for this building, but maintenance is like pulling teeth. Why can't we get a new building?! the electrical does not support equipment, always blowing breakers in the winter months. Would rather telework than work in this building
Color is good.
Temperature in the building is poor and the current automated system does not doing well at keeping a consistent temperature during all seasons.  Would be nice, and allow for a better working environment, to be able to control temperature locally.  Bathrooms have poor ventilation and often smell do the issues the cleaning crews could fix, like dumping water down drains and other areas to keep things from drying out and smelling. Cleaners could do a better job, seems like a lot of surface cleaning instead of real cleaning, primarily in restrooms. Would be VERY nice to get to roof to a point it doesn't leak and ruin ceiling tiles and computers.
A new additional workspace was built next door to jam more ALJs in that is not very soundproof and mans I have to wear headphones all day. The construction was loud and messy for several months. We no longer have common work areas to have meetings or organize work groups.
The building is adequate.  We are outgrowing it, and there are some design flaws that I wish were not built into the clinic but that was a long time ago.\The landlord is slow to respond to problems.  The maintenance guy is sloppy.  I needed a cabinet moved about one foot to the right on the wall, as I am now required to have a privacy curtain (new rule).  He moved it but now it's very crooked on the wall, not square, and the shelves in the cabinet are sloped as a result.  It also looks sloppy.  \Our air conditioning was not working for a few weeks.  Finally the VA came out and installed portable air conditioners.  The landlord's maintenance guy was here and said we didn't really need them, it is not that hot.  I beg to differ - our clinic is on the top floor and there is a heat advisory in the local area.    Still no time frame to have the central air repaired.  \Our cleaning guy is wonderful but he is not hired by the landlord.  He is a VA contractor. \Every need takes two or three calls before the maintenance man responds.  I wish he was more responsive.
GSA in the past has allowed the DC government to use our plaza space as a summer concert venue.  That has presented a real noise issue as the plaza is in the middle of our work space and the concerts often start and end well before the lunch hour.  They seem to have moved that in the last year or two.
None at this time.
Cheap material it falls apart.  Limited work space
Other than occasional issues with elevators that are out of service, I am very satisfied with the facilities at 5 Post Office Sq., Boston.  Some spaces are a bit too cold at times, but normally temperatures are comfortable for me.
I have little space for storage and I keep materials used for a training program in containers that get pushed under the desk space.
The temperature in the building is too inconsistent.  Some days it is too hot, other days it is too cold.  There is not enough light in the parking lot.  Most of the lights either don't work or barely work.  \This survey is for 22685 Holiday Park Drive, Suite 10, Sterling, VA 20166 (the summary page deleted the location information I provided and will not allow me to pick the office location again).
Cleaning ladies do a good job.  Office space needs extending.  Things get fixed a little faster now.  The building is old, needs to be updated.
Concern:  Bed bugs found in office space on 5th floor.
My office is likely too large for one person meeting with 2-3 others but is in an area in which I am close to all the other supportive staff of the department making it an ideal location to get work done quickly when I am in need of working with others.  \However the building has serious issues with limited bathrooms for the number of staff and they frequently break down.  In addition my ceiling in my office is constantly leaking from the room above me no matter how many times they attempt to fix the problem.
we need more space with better lighting, ventilation and newer carpet/flooring, newer paint, less restrictions on what and how to hang personal pictures/effects on walls, better sound-proofing, new HIVAC.
The rest rooms are closed for cleaning too often
Desk are falling apart due to use and staff changes.  In need of new desks and chairs.
Building maintenance people are exceptional!  Floors and glass sparkle, bathrooms are clean and sanitary, everything is neat and comfortable.  Thank you!
Our offices were created from storage rooms in a building that was designed when Lyndon B. Johnson was president and was commissioned when Richard M. Nixon was in his first term. It has outlived its useful life.
the cubicle is very small.
VACUUMING SHOULD BE COMPLETED DAILY.  FOR NUMEROUS TICKETS TO BE COMPLETED TO HAVE VACUUM RAN IS UNACCEPTABLE. THERE ARE 1000 EMPLOYEES HERE AND IT GETS PRETTY NASTY.  SOME TOLIETS MUST BE FLUSHED TWICE TO WORK.  5 SOAP DISPENSERS AND WE WENT THROUGH A PERIOD WHERE WE HAD TO TRY ALL 5 TO GET ANY SOAP = NASTY.  FLOORS ARE MOPPED, BUT EVENTUALLY THE STALL WALLS, LOCKED AND BASEBOARD NEEDS IT ALSO. SEAT COVERS ARE NOT ALWAYS AVAILABLE.
Sit right across from the LAN closet and there is a constant buzzing noise that can get extremely bothersome at times.  Also am next to the copy/print room so it is a high traffic area that is also very noisy at times.
Very cramped and not enough work spaces to handle the amount of staff and work we have daily.
Overall, we work in a building that has concerning degrees of dilapidation. Mainly, the air we breath in office and the restrooms. There is no ventilation in a building that services hundreds of personnel. The excretory facilities are hazards.  \\I implore GSA to test the quality of air in the building and publish the results. Get empirical data and immediately seek to rectify the problem.
I do not have enough desk space in my office. A request has been put in but I have not heard any information. This is an every-day challenge.
The open workstation concept results in continual noise and visual distractions. It is extremely inefficient to have professionals working in conditions that would be more suitable for a call center.
Six canine handlers in two small offices. There is no room for kennels or storage space for items needed for execution of duties.
was forced to move from single office designed for counseling veterans to a multi/shared space too narrow and confined to accommodate many veterans I see who are in wheelchairs etc. Veterans complained about the increased distance they travel to this new office, but to no avail.  No provisions were made to sustain the computer equipment I had in the old space, so I cannot offer the veterans a telehealth visit instead.  No amount of discussion could persuade the Space Committee to decide in favor of maintaining the original office space designed for Veteran counseling, so I was forced to move.
dusty, cold, and sometimes bugs
Too small of an office for our needs, we cannot put the cabinets/files we need within the office so they have to go to a common room in another part of the building. Very inconvenient and not practical.
I am not satisfied with the dust that collects on my cabinets and my desk.  There never seems to be any supplies to wipe down my desk area. I have to bring my own paper towels from home.  It seems there is a shortage of cleaning people, when in the past they took care of the dusting.
This is really a great building, minus the overcrowding.
My office space does not allow for me to be around or near my assigned employees.
Building is not clean.  Air vents are gross; you can see the gray / black dust collecting over them.  It is hard to stay well when you breathe that stuff in everyday.  \\Random mice infestations; traps set throughout building.  \\Cafeteria has been very gross in the past; has gotten better with new management, but the smells from the cafeteria can become overpowering in the hallways particularly on days they decide to make onion soup or something.
Temperature is at 77-78 degrees in some areas and other are wearing blankets because it is too cold. Temperature should be consistent throughout the building
PWS: desk surface cleaned infrequently, even when desk is bare.\PWS: paint on door is easily damaged\Overall: carpet quality is subpar.
Door knobs, glass doors are awful.  I never want to touch them.  They do not get cleaned.
Sit/stand desks should be standard.
The open environment has advantages and disadvantages.  As a supervisor, it makes it more of a challenge.  All employees get the same thing, space-wise, which sounds great, but in practice doesn't always work.  Given the choice to work in an organization that had some private offices and this configuration, I'd choose the former.
working in the summer with just stationary fans to blow around hot air contributes to an unsatisfactory work environment - the entire airport needs to be re-done to have enclosed, air conditioned work areas
PARKING LOT IS HORRIBLE, NEEDS TO BE BIGGER, MAYBE PURCHASE LOT BEHIND PARKING LOT. AIR QUALITYI IS BAD MOST DAYS, SMELLS AND REACT LIKE MOLD.
I am satisfied with areas where I have control over the cleanliness.  I have noted in this survey for the past 4 years, the women's restroom on the south side of the second floor really needs a thorough cleaning to include the walls, there's stuff on the walls that has been there for years.
My work space is a shared desk environment.  There is a problem with not having enough desk and chairs to seat every employee.   People get very angry and scary when there is a problem with their person that they share a desk with.  I'm hoping no one goes too crazy. It might help if we had a broom and dust pan handy to be able to clean up after ourselves,  since the floors only get vacuum once a week. I know these are the government desks but we have to use them to do our jobs.
Concerns about the lack of professional cleaners.  Sanitation is a concern especially during flu season.
Workstations with partitions are somewhat demeaning to employees. While I worked in a "cube farm" for 20+ years, I hope I never have to go back to one. I share an office with another engineer now and it's much more suitable for my work.
I am overall satisfied with my state of the building and service we are receiving.  The EMS team has improved over the last few months.  Our Engineers are slowly improving the grounds and maintaining the structure of the building and supervising and maintain new projects.  The Police enforces federal regulation and laws and keep us safe.  I would like to see a more controlled security measure in place in building 80 perhaps the PACS system. The doors are always open and that's makes the personnel who works in this environment more acceptable to being soft targets.  I feel somewhat uncomfortable knowing at any time someone can just enter and exit the area I work.
The nurses station in building 30 is not large enough for the nurses & veterans. We're in the middle of the lobby so everyone passing by has questions or comments. There is no privacy during admissions or when trying to teach veterans. The noise is constant and the interruptions from phones ringing, people asking directions to the hospital, ED, clinics, etc is overwhelming.
There isn't enough room for storage of material goods and we need additional storage rooms throughout the campus.
Open workspace make it nearly impossible to concentrate with all the noise around you. In addition my section only has 10 work stations for 17 people which requires team to chose who gets to sit at a desk on any given day and who teleworks. This reduces the amount of productivity for our Branch as it is more difficult to collaborate throughout the day which is needed in the field that we oversee.
A couple of toilets have to be flushed several times to clear the bowl. Although the elevators are currently working, they break constantly. The janitorial service is excellent! They do a wonderful job. We can no longer have fans and my office, especially in the afternoons, gets hot.   It has gotten a little better so I know they are working on temperature consistency issues.
This building is located behind the ICE building and our access road is congested with people waiting to see ICE . At times there is only one usable lane because people are parking in the street. Adults and children are constantly walking across this street without paying attention to traffic. This is a serious safety issue with the most likely outcome of someone being hit by a car. These people also leave trash scattered everywhere and have destroyed the grassy areas ext to the street. Our parking lot is not secure because the automated gates have been broken for more than one week. These gates tend to quit working every time there is a thunderstorm and since this is south Florida that happens often.  Overhead interior lighting in Suite 291 is about 50% and my cubical area is in the dark.  .
would be nice to have Fire suppression equipment i.e. a fire extinguisher and a first aid kit that not falling apart
Our cubicles are mismatched and out of date and the sizes vary among people on our team.  Seems unfairly assigned.  They have removed panels from my cubicle walls so I don't have any privacy.  I sit by the printer so I am distracted momentarily from everyone who does printing.\\the air vent comes straight down on my cubicle space so I am usually wearing a sweater 100% of the time year around.  I don't have a fully enclosed cubicle either.  I share one side of my cubicle with another person.\\My assigned work space is distracting and demoralizing.
I am satisfied with the overall size and structure of the space. The modular partitions and tables are all old, some is falling apart, some is a bit broken or missing pieces.
Building is in the process of a major renovation which we were updated on yesterday.  Once these improvements are made, this building will be the envy of all.
This structure is old and in great need of a massive renovation that may include razing it and rebuilding a more modern, energy-efficient structure.  The restroom floors, while a big part of the most recent renovation, do not get mopped and sanitized.  A most unfortunate incident was discovered, and the tale tell signs of it are still evident on the restroom floor.  This is truly unacceptable as mopping of restroom floors should be a nightly chore.  The carpet selected for the building renovation sustained significant stains during the first week after installation. Temperatures in the building are unpredictable.  Offices do not get vacuumed every night; nor is there a guarantee that trash will be collected.
Offices with a shared bathroom should be considered with both employees who do NOT see patients regularly. As a Therapy provider, I share a bathroom with someone who allows access to our shared bathroom with other employees which is disruptive when I am in session. Either place providers in an office without a shared bathroom or with another provider who is understanding of the disruptiveness.
Carpets are often dirty and window blinds do not always work.
floor bounces when persons walk past workstation-  film on windows make outside appear dark
Our office is cramped and the air circulation and quality has always been poor...air cannot circulate in here like in most other offices which are out in the open a bit we are in an enclosed area and it is usually stuffy and humid like in here.  The parking lot is in poor shape.  I know several people that have fallen due to the condition of the lots.  The parking spaces are cramped and barely enough room to get out of your car without touching the car next to you.  The light poles(a few of them) sway in the wind when it is really windy outside.  When leaving in the late evening it is dark walking to your car when you have to park so far out.  Also when parking unless you get here before 6:45 you have to park way out there!  Not a big deal unless it is raining or blustery cold.
Major plumbing issues across the center.  The Houses in Danis City (all control rooms) mostly likely are due to be tested for mold. When you work in there and turn on the air conditioning united in residences on Willow Circle and Cypress Circle, they need to be looked at for mold or fungus in my opinion.  In addition, we hear rumours of fungus and mold in other areas in ventilation systems in FLETC gym.  However, nobody wants to keep testing the units and space in Danis City.
There are not enough toilets in the building.
I never see the cleaning personnel vacuum anymore.  They used to do it occasionally.  My office is usually too cold.  Bathrooms never really appear clean but it could be that it just looks so tired and old.  The bathroom many years ago used to have an automatic order dispenser.  A lot of times it smells bad.
This building is sub-standard for any structure but as a medical facility it is deplorable.  There are multiple leaks every time it rains. These seem to be repaired by replacing the wet ceiling tiles each occurrence.  Cleanliness is an issue in all areas including clinic and procedure rooms. Vents are frequently covered in dust and lint. The area quality is poor and often malodorous.  The common restrooms are unsanitary and filthy. Mold has been found in multiple areas and asbestos abatement efforts are ongoing.  This building is hazardous for both patients and employees.
Noise from outside (especially the elevated metro rail track) is ever-present.  Some conference rooms adjacent to the rails border on being unusable and some offices literally shake when trains go past.\\The interior furnishings seem to rebound instead of absorb noise making the office space loud if anyone is having a phone conversation or small meeting.
My workspace is not the same size as others at my grade level.  There is no ability to control the area temperature on the weekend and the Building Management refuses to address this issue, I assume due to LEED certification requirements. Finally, as a manager, I am very dissatisfied about the limits that are placed on my ability to move people into certain work spaces and the overall availability of office space, which unfortunately is driven by agreements with the union that NSF Management refuses to address in order to make NSF office space a usable and productive as possible.
Odor and overall cleanliness of building restrooms needs to be addressed. Better cleaning and sanitary commercial solutions need to be used throughout the entire floor, sinks, fixtures and throughout all areas/walls/floors surrounding the sinks & fixtures of the restrooms.
Loud, difficult to talk on the phone. overall a complete failure in design.
It would be nice for there to be personal workspace for our employees to use when not working operational shifts.
Air quality, plumbing and mold issues need to be addressed in our building
To provide the best customer service we need separate space for agencies. We typically are discussing sensitive topics and need privacy to discuss those topics. Walking down the hall is not a barrier to customer service. But we need privacy to do our jobs, putting everyone in the same space is a bad idea.
Office temperatures have improved significantly, still tent to be a little warm in the winter and cold in the summer. Responsiveness of office management has improved. One would think that cleaning crews or supervisor would notice the loose restroom seats or fixtures an note that they needed to be tightened. (The loose facet was finally tightened, but it took months.)
We are leasing a brand new building and the General Contractor and Building Owners have been pretty tough to work with. Our local GSA Rep. Mr. Darrell Hackworth and GSA Rep, Marc Skinner have been big advocates for the government and for our space.  I didn't expect everything to go perfectly, and it definitely hasn't, but Darrell and Marc are responsive, are aware of our needs, and are doing a great job to ensure the GC and Owners deliver on the space.  They are definitely the most active GSA Reps we have worked with.
The number of staff covering the housekeeping, etc. was cut so trash pick up is only once a day (in the morning).  Lunch food is left in the trashcans over night because of this.
Cubicle does not allow space for a vari-desk, which is desired as my work is entirely computer based.
During the month of July, in South Texas, the exterior temperature was over 100 degrees.  We did not have a properly functioning air conditioner for several weeks.  Inside temperature reached 90 degrees some days.  The temperature routinely climbs into the mid 80s everyday after lunch.\We are visited by GSA employees in the office space 1-2 times per year.  Any issues reported to GSA are handled by them calling building owner and GSA does not visit.  the only visits are for the annual inspection.
This building is old and very poorly maintained. There was an attempt to get a new building that was well underway until sequestration brought it to a halt. To the best of my knowledge, no further action has been taken but something needs to be done.
The environment just outside the front door of the hospital is a hang-out for people who smoke, loiter and are overall disrespectful of the fact that this is supposed to be an environment that promotes healthy living. We still have a smoking hut that is right by the front door. There are also a group of male veterans who congregate near the pharmacy area and will sometimes get loud, cattle call to females. They take up spaces that should be designated to patients who are waiting for their ride, a volunteer to provide wheelchair assistance to their appointments and will not yield these seats so that the people with appointments or waiting for pharmacy items to be ready. They play music a bit too loud and can be disruptive at times.
too much noise from other people - no allowance for personal conversations\\also the person ( on site ) that does maintenance - is not very bright - he tried to fix gym door, has now made it worse, and will not fix it.  his response is that it will wear itself in. it needs to be shaved down to it doesn't rub - now getting to the point where you have to put your shoulder into to open the door,.  just awful
The heat and AC system in our building is constantly breaking down.  I suspect it is ancient and in need of replacement.  Last winter the heat was not working in my section of the building and my office was in the 50s or lower for several days before temporary heaters were brought in.  Currently AC for entire building has been down for a week and temperatures have been above 80 degrees even with temporary AC units.  We have had to send people home.  These types of problems have happened regularly over the past 4 years.  Owner responds with a fix, but then something else breaks.  Need to replace the entire system with something new.
need more space to accommodate patients of various sizes
Our building is always pristine, pleasant to be in.
Multiple rats seen and/or captured in my enclosed multi-person office during the last couple of months.  The raised floor is made up of uneven tiles and is a tripping hazard.  Climate control doesn't work, so temperatures range from 60 degrees to over 82 degrees from day to day.  Bathrooms and water are commonly unavailable due to plumbing problems- recently the water coming from all sinks was dark brown.  We only have one private meeting room space in the entire building for 80+ DOC employees and contractors.  While we know who to contact, many employees have given up since our managers often do not seem to have the resources available to actually correct problems.
I work in an area of the building were the blowers are right on us. IT is so bad at times the flags we have set up for July 4th are blowing in the wind sometimes. It is either to hot or to cold were we sit
Relatively new building and is kept clean.  Male restroom on second floor has only one urinal for the amount of employees that work there.  There should be at least two urinals.  Detention processing area is the worst I've ever seen.  Poor design and layout.
in general it's an adequate building. the city takes good care of it even though it's old. security is a joke. no one has a clue who is walking around. it's in quite possibly one of the most expensive areas  of los angeles. why on earth is it located there. nothing affordable for anyone to live near there. it could be a lot worse, so i'm generally ok with it.
Printer service is slow to be completed. Print toner will run out and the printer will be down from 1 day to 3 weeks before being serviced. \Refrigerator water filter needed serviced and quit providing water prior to change. \Ability for differently able bodied individuals to use the building seems to be impossible, for example the bathroom doors do not have an assist button for opening and some cube aisle widths are very small.
11th Floor bathroom does not have good ventilation and the paper towel holder is empty a lot.  I think the offices need to be vacuumed more often, they only spot vacuum here and there and only about every two weeks.
Not enough Parking is available
The work stations are too small and the noise level from other employees near by make the work environment unpleasant.
In the 10 years that I have been a GSA working in the Fort Worth Federal building I have only ever seen one person that actually vacuums and dusts.  That person is Connie Lindsay, the hardest working cleaning person that actually cleans above and beyond. \\On another note the new bathroom floors on the 7th floor (maybe others) are headed for trouble. Maybe you should use cleaning products that actually clean, or the cleaning person who does those needs retraining. They are headed to being dingy and dirty and colors of shade darker than they actually are.
I work three days in a non-governmental community based building with multiple other programs.\I have a very small office with no windows or natural light. The building smells of mold w/poor ventilation. The other office we went several weeks without heat during the winter.
There is always room for improvement!
Paking in this building is expensive, the new vendor raised the price of parking almost 50%, which is a bit excessive.  There should be a better rate for people who work in the building.
Office furniture is generally very old and each workstation is configured differently.  There is not sufficient budget to reconfigure stations.
I am pleased that we have an enclosed two-person office, but we have furniture that does not fit together in the office so the setup does not work as far as being able to utilize the furniture as it was meant to.
Cubicle walls are not properly connected. Desk sections are unleveled.
Guards and security measures are lax compared to DOE next door.  The guards don't check service vehicles for bombs.  Anyone can park around the building.  Those vehicles are not checked.  Once I saw someone come into the building with a gun strapped on himself, and none of the guards questioned the man.  Presumable he was coming to pickup or drop-off money or service the ATM, but they did not ask for identification.  He had a uniform with stripes on it but no company logo.  Nothing to identify him.  \Bathrooms stink and consistently run out of supplies.\Trash cans in the hallway are full and sit for long periods of time before they get picked up.  It looks nasty when you have to take visitors to the building past such a mess.
Been in this office space for ~25 years after we moved from the Federal Building in downtown Des Moines. Rumor has we may move back someday. If that happens, I will retire as I don't want to fight the traffic, pay for parking or the less than desirable working conditions the Federal Building has to offer (leaky windows, smelly carpet, and potential security threats). The current building I work in is wonderful.  Parking is free and it's an easy drive to get to, producers can find our building for appeals and have a place to park and not get into a potential fender bender. The only downside is when the pop machine runs out which is filled the next day.
The space is considered "seated privacy." However, the desks are so tightly packed, the only person that I cannot see while seated is my immediate neighbor. I can see (and certainly hear) others that are at slightly different angles.
I keep receiving e-mails to rate GSA's performance on a "Tenant Satisfaction Survey."  GSA has NOTHING to do with any property or buildings at either Fort Gibson or Fort Sill National Cemeteries and the survey is not applicable to either facility.
Regarding FPS:  The way employees are treated by FPS contractors is an OUTRAGE.  Though most are professional and courteous, more than a few are untrained, officious, discourteous and otherwise unprofessional.  I was being frisked recently and the guard told me I "was good to go", and when I dropped my arms, she yelled "WHAT ARE YOU DOING":  apparently she was speaking to someone behind her.  Guards regularly are socializing with each other or unknown persons on their phones, and yet rudely order us around when they change protocols without bothering to explain what we are supposed to do.  These people are armed, and someone is going to get hurt.\Regarding the Building Design: I am a supervisor, and the decision to go with a full open office environment, using low cubicle partitions with employee workspaces essentially within busy passageways is having a disastrous impact on productivity.  Effectively, the same problem as the discredited "school without wall" concept of the last century.
Building owners will respond quickly but are very slow to actually address issues.  Building Engineer blames tenent for everything.
the carpets and temperature have been raised with the airport management many times for years, but nothing has been done.
The way the Clinic is set up, the people closest to the front, have constant interruptions by people coming into the Clinic and don't know where to go even though there are many signs.  We need someone set up in the front to help people know what to do and prevent interruptions while we have a patient in the room or on the phone.
The carpets needs to be clean.
It sure would be nice to offer recycling in our building.  GSA talks about "greening" federal buildings  yet we don't offer recycling in our building (we did for a very brief period but no longer).\\It would also be nice to have secure, indoor bike parking.  Every other federal building I have ever worked in has offered this but our local GSA person has resisted this for our building.
There are rats in the ceiling.
I have worked in Federal offices in downtown Chicago's Federal Plaza as well as another building outside of Illinois.  The RRB office building is by far the worst.  Besides the lack of physical barriers surrounding the perimeter of the building which the Federal Plaza has, the building's infrastructure is in need of updating to the point that I wouldn't be surprised if the building had to be gutted.
The bathroom floor is very old and can see cracks around the toilet base.  Old stains appear cannot be eliminated or cleaned. No fountain water outlets are working since we moved in last year.
My biggest concern relating to something that can be resolved by the building manager is that they lock the doors where there are a double door entry into the building, one of the doors will be locked.  this forces tenants to all enter through one person door.  This building has a lot of tenants and this is really unsafe.  If there were an emergency, we would be in trouble.  Additionally, the doors that have the handicap automatic door opener, typically don't work on some of the doors (consistently).  I reported this last time that I took this survey, and it was not resolved.  This leads me to believe that this survey really doesn't serve any purpose
it would be great if they would vacuum the carpet in the offices and hallways on a consistent basis.\other than that the cleaning crew does a remarkable job given the nature of the primary use of the building and the level of traffic by the public from all walks of life and in various economic statuses.
The outside is always filthy and smells like urine. Bathrooms are always filthy. The checkpoints are always filthy. The janitors only come out once in awhile and they really don't clean under the machines. Also many times it needs a good mopping as the floors are extreme filth. We should be able to work in a clean environments. Not filthy and also the designs of the building especially the interior was not designed for our safety. Majority of times we bring these kinds of issues to higher ups but we are never heard
The BIGGEST concern that I and many coworkers have regarding this location is crime/safety issues in the entire area and neighborhood surrounding this location. My wish is that GSA would partner more effectively with City of Atlanta to clean up surrounding neighborhood and move the aggressive panhandlers and drug users OUT of this area.
I need a larger area to set out folders that I work with on a daily bases.  Not a lot of workspace tabletop area.
I would like to see improvements in the cafeteria food, especially the salad bar.  Also, the cell phone reception inside the office is not strong enough.
Floors not swept or cleaned. Only when asked.
Workstations are too small, too short, and provide zero noise suppression. Lack of meeting space means conference calls are often taken at peoples' desks, leading to more noise and distractions. HVAC is constantly blowing, leading to a loud and unnecessarily cold environment. Fluorescent lighting is too dim and makes it difficult to read.
Ice/water machine broke a year ago and has not been repaired or replaced
This building recently went major repairs after the May 2017 storm.  However, areas outside of the building were left untended.  Crosswalks and curbs have yet to be painted.  Lighting in the employee parking lot is extremely poor.  Of the 25 lights, I counted 17 were out.  That is a major security shortcoming as we work literally on the border of the country, and come across illegal aliens attempting to enter the United States. The lights all alongside the perimeter are also not working.  This is a definite hazard to the officers working the primary lanes because there is no visibility alongside the brush that outlines the riverbanks and pathway of the incoming traffic.
Maintenance is terrible
Dust from ceiling above baffles is causing sneezing, coughing issues and the noise from the vac system acts like a white noise issuer rather than just controlling the temp.  These are not issues with the cleaning crew. They do a great job.
No additional comment.
Overall I am satisfied. There are a few minor things that can be improved. \\It would be nice to have the offices vacuumed more frequently. Although the cleaning staff does work very hard.\\The temperature is either freezing cold, or too hot. Some days, the air is running all day long without a break. When it is that cold in the office it is very hard to get work done. \\The restroom soap dispenser has been missing for a long time which makes it crowded when trying to wash up.
The building exterior is old and unattractive.  The building interior is ugly and dated. The bathrooms aren't great due to lack of automated/hands-free fixtures, dispensers, and doors.  I see pests (roaches, mice) occasionally.  But I don't really care much about any of those issues.  I do, however, care greatly about the building's location and the setup of my personal workspace and I am currently satisfied with both.  Therefore, changing the location of the building or the setup of my personal workspace to fix any of the issues mentioned would most likely result in extreme dissatisfaction.
Even with screen blockers you can stand outside my cubical and read what I'm working on.  People talk to me over the partitions.  There is a lot of echoing from the hallways and you can hear people in other cubicles.
The building does not have a dumpster. It used to have one, and needs it back.\\Lawn maintenance is almost non existent.\\Snow removal service has been extremely poor in recent years.\\Cleaning inside the building is not done often enough, and is not done well.
Replacing the cafeteria with a canteen is unacceptable.
The cafeteria food is terrible.  I get sick about every time I eat there.  We need a new company to come in to run the place.  The floors in the cafeteria eating area need to cleaned.  The shades in the ceiling in the eating area are full of dust.   We need something like the MIke Monroney Tech Center cafeteria in Atlantic City.   That is the best place to eat out of all the government places I have been to.
We are in a building that has a floor below ground in a city that is 8 feet above sea level. Insane. So we flood often during the summer rainy season. This brings in sewage, mold, horrible air quality, sickness. \This floor plan doesn't work for a broadcast facility, as it is stretched out and split over four floors.\Our garage is too small for deliveries of equipment, we have a ramp instead of a loading dock.\Our landlord charges us outrageous fees to haul away ANY extra trash, so we have piles of trash outside of our garage for all employees and visitors to "enjoy" upon their arrival to our facility.\We have MANY elderly employees here that need handicap parking. This building legally covers ADA standards, but consideration should be given for our employee population. The ADMIN privileged take up parking spots that should be converted to handicap spots, but arrogance and self-importance and lack of empathy is the rule of Miami.
The nicest gentleman swings by to vacuum my personal workspace twice a week. It is my understanding that I should clean it because it is not dusted or cleaned by anyone else.
It is very difficult to have a work related telephone conversation when your co-workers need to do the same. Not enough space.
Note, there is a glitch in this survey that causes my selection for Dept/Agency/etc. to disappear on the final screen.
The IRS is concerned with disclosure because we deal with taxpayer data.  So the workspace is designed with the employees back to the opening and the computer screen facing the opening, as well.  Anyone can see what is on the computer screen, and the employee would not know they were looking.  Given the way the cubicles are designed at this point, there is no way to prevent it.  Pretty sad.  The building's security is a joke.  The cards we use in the elevators leave the light on for such a long period of time, anyone can get on the elevator and push a button for a secure floor with no problem. No one would really be aware of it, especially if they were going to a floor different from the other employees.  The IRS employees don't know all the employees that work on the IRS  floors.  Then the person could wait until someone went through a locked door and they would be in a secure area.  Instant active shooter scenario.  Security is only in Securities imagination at OKC's building.  Even with the employees due diligence.  It's a very flimsy system.
When arriving for my start time of 6:00 am on a Monday the AC has not been turned on in the building.  I am on the 4th floor and the temperature is always around 80 degrees.  The AC seems not to come on until about 7 or so and then takes a while to cool down.  Can the AC be turned on prior to 6 am so the building is cool or cooler by 6?
My 1937 building has inadequate electrical and internet connections, small and oddly-shaped offices.
This is a terrible building.  It is old and falling apart.  Someone began painting the walls and never finished and the security is INSECURE!  I can't believe that this is serving as a government building with the security (or lack thereof).
Bldg 77 is run by an extremely vigilant and accessible Bldg Manager, Ricardo Toress.  He is always visible, concerned about our comfort and is easy to locate.  In 28 years of working at NASA GRC and being housed in 5 different buildings, he is the only Bldg Mgr I have know to maintain a huge presence in the Bldg.  He continually sends emails to occupants for any issues that are being addressed or have come up.  I even hear him in the hallways talking to our office people about situations in the labs or restrooms or parking lot.  He does a fantastic job.
My understanding is that GSA continues to shrink workspace so I should be happy I'm not working in a cracker box.  However, the cubes are too small for the work we do.  There is not enough storage.  The shorter open cubes are noisy and distracting.  The floor plan is mostly open, and it has the noise level a busy restaurant most of time.  There is total lack of group work space for when you need to have a meeting or review evidence.  There is a complete lack of privacy in the event you ever need to do anything remotely private like schedule a doctor's appoint.  Please stop building buildings with the mind set of lets see how many people we can stuff in here.  The lighting is harsh fluorescent lighting.  The long we're in this building the less redeeming qualities it has.
There's a lot of wasted space on my floor (12). And even though there is unused space, the workstations are too small and close together. I can hear noise from adjacent and nearby cubicles.
Sterile processing needs a serious redesign and equipment upgrade to keep up with growing demands from clinic and the Operating room. Federal police are understaffed, undertrained, and do not do an adequate job preventing or investigating crimes committed on the campus.
Noise travels too far in hallways. Odor in main large bathroom since beginning of tenancy. Cleaning people stopped vacuuming offices.\Office gets too hot with door closed, but need door closed because of noise specific to my office location. Others can leave doors open, I cannot.
Set the Heat and Humidity at one temp and leave it. Fix the Elevators the Cargo elevators  Car 5 especially is unreliable, jumps, groans and " Occasionally gets stuck between floors" They all need to be overhauled! They need a Readout for those who are Hearing Impared letting them Know that SOME ONE IS AWARE of an issue when the " Car becomes NON FUNCTIONAL"  The  work Station Computers need to be set up to FLASH A MESSAGE SHELTER IN PLACE,  ACTIVE SHOOTER, OR  FIRE EVACUATE,  The Strobes could cause a Seizure for any one with Epilepsy and or Instigate a MIRGRANE ! The work stations are Noisy as they Now are. Partitions are to low Conversations Travel OVER from Adjacent PODS. Barely enough space for 3 PC screens DO NOT  SHRINK our Work SPACE.
As the Biomed Equip Eng. I am required to work to trouble shoot and repair equipment.  Sometimes I need to hold on to equipment for some time.  These requirements were never considered when creating a office for my position.  This is a trend I not at many government medical facilities.  I need room to do may job.
I just have a comment on the survey itself.  I recommend having "satisfied" as an answer because I view "somewhat satisfied" as being less than satisfactory.  I also view "somewhat satisfied" and "somewhat dissatisfied to mean the same thing. In most instances, my answer would have been satisfied. However, since the only thing above somewhat satisfied was "extremely satisfied" I to select either extremely or somewhat satisfied.... of which capture how I feel.  I ended up generally rounding down to somewhat satisfied and that felt unfair to facilities management.
Walls are too thin can hear everything.  Cell coverage in building is very erratic.
The office building was over designed and built there is a lot of wasted space and unnecessary angles
It would be better if it had been designed so my desk would face the Veteran.  As it is now, my BACK is to the Veteran.  I have to turn around to gather information then turn my back to them to access the computer.  Both rude and unsafe.
The restroom needs improvement.  Need to replace one of the paper towel dispensers because it's broken.  Need to relocate one of the paper towel dispensers because it's right next to the urinal.  The toilet seats needs to be tightened and secured.  Need more ventilation is the restroom.  I requested these things to be done on my last survey but nothing has been done about.  That's why I hesitated taking this survey thinking nothing is going to be done.
I have a small personal workspace at the front office. The person that works closest to my personal work space has his own office with locking door, however he has positioned his desk facing my work area therefore he constantly looking at me when he leaves his door open. It is very uncomfortable. Additionally, he sings very loud even when his door is closed and it cause great distraction when I am trying to work.
Worried about the asbestos in the building and that officials don't care that the employees are around it.
Have to go to lower floor to access filtered water
lack of storage space, noise from adjoining cubes with unrelated projects
It is so cold in my building that sometimes my fingers go numb. This is a common complaint from many of the staff that I have talked to. I am currently wrapped in an electric blanket as I fill this out. So much energy and money could be saved by raising the temperature a few degrees.
For optimal work performance, I would find it beneficial to have an enclosed office.
Rocks, falling from ceiling in work area, are increasing in frequency and size. It is just a matter of time until someone gets seriously injured. Hard hats are not the answer, as they will be insufficient to prevent injury or death. The designers of this facility were terrible at determining project work space, ventilation/air movement and future additions.I could have deigned better, and I have no real background as an engineer. Since before my arrival at this location, there have been an alarming rise in the number of cases of upper-respiratory infections caused by bacteria in the walls and ceiling. No action has been taken by management, or the facility owners to correct this issue.
Biggest issue is that smoking area is almost unavoidable for all and completely unavoidable for anyone in a wheelchair or with a cart/stroller.
workspace is crowded
I am in a wheel chair- doors do not open by themselves and are very heavy.
I have noticed that the carpets are quite stained in the workspace, or that the ones that are stained have not been cleaned/ replaced. I recently moved into a new cubicle and the state of the carpet is kind of gross. \I also have noticed that the common space in the bike locker room can get neglected, with the temperature in there fluctuating by large amounts and a foul odor coming out of the drain. \Also, the building is pretty cold a lot of the time and could be warmer. \I am mostly comfortable and content, however, with the space.
The office in general is chopped up with wasted space that could be better utilized.
My main complaint with the building manager is he has no problem inconveniencing employees to correct things and he is more than happy to complain about everything to everyone.  For example, the water needs to be turned off in our building for 3-4 hours.  Instead of trying to do the bulk of it outside of normal working hours, we have to rearrange our schedule so he can do it during most of the morning.
Kenna Stoneman is doing a great job managing building 41!
The building is in a constant state of disrepair and filth. Due to the practice of prioritizing hiring ONLY Veterans for EMS workers we never have a permanent dedicated  member of staff to clean our area. The bathrooms are filthy, the ladies rooms lack waste baskets in the stalls so you have to hold your sanitary napkin or tampon and carry it to the door where the trash can is. Instead they are found on the floor. Mold and mildew are visible on the floor and ceiling tiles. Dust clogs the air vents in the bathrooms and the hallways and offices. The A/C and heating don't work.
Definitely to cold in the building. \Definitely a noisy remote workspace\Need a cafe in the building
not enough space or privacy, not enough meeting spaces.
The rest rooms need more attention - cleanliness and repairs. Since about May 2018, the garbage collection has been hit and miss. I believe the work force was just reduced? It shows.\There needs to be more spaces in main State to hold classified meetings.
Aside from the bathroom, the spaces are fine.  The bathrooms should be cleaner and better ventilated. Improved ventilation may even help with the cleanliness. At times the room/stalls smell like backed up sewer pipes.
Windows are not tinted and office interior is visible from street, requiring shades to be drawn.
If you work in 4800 or 2385 building, we should be able to use badge to entrance at any gate on same property. It make no since to walk a quarter mile to get to office building with people having disabilities. Parking garage taking to long, could have rebuilt one in less time. Patching the garage like a bandage is a waist of time, put our lives at risk & money when you keep fixing the same thing that being fixed correctly. Need motorcycle parking spots & usable handicap parking spaces.
The building in general is dirty, especially the elevator openings at the floor (nasty) and the carpet is always filthy. The restroom custodians don't care about the job they do or in maintaining an adequate supply paper products, especially seat covers.  Many times the restrooms smell of dirty mop water DIRECTLY after its been cleaned.  No one seems responsible for vacuuming the desks, computers,  keyboards, and window sills.  Using a duster is only throwing the dust around causing everyone to sneeze.
1) Contractors would take our chairs for their own use WITHOUT permission\when we are not in the office. Contractors also use our work stations and belongings\such as tape dispensers and staples.\2) The FedChoice teller/ATM machines are not always operational.\3) The food vendors don't always have deliveries hence they don't always\have the full menu to offer to patrons.\4) The Dunken Donuts food vendors advertise closing at 1pm but would\reject patrons that come after 12:45pm because they want to cleanup and\leave early (by 1pm?). They should do the cleanup work AFTER closure\time - i.e., after 1pm.\5) Subway vendors are low in stock on items so they cannot serve their full \menu on many occasions; AND, their credit card machine has been broken\for days hence we cannot get receipts.
Cubicle materials are now 20 years old and various aspects are deteriorated  (cracked, broken, faded).
The room is an odd shape.
I have a wonderful office.
I work in an office however the actual work space where we accomplish our primary jobs is crowded, and does not meet current standards.  We have been trying for over a year to get the florescent lighting replaced with LED and have not received any cooperation from engineering department.  Water pressure is a constant issue and causes staff to repeat work because the machines they use will abort during a cycle due to low water pressure, low temperature, or low flow rate.
Satisfied
The Interior Design of the workspace. The designer did not make the best use of the space..\Also no clue where the fire alarm is located!!!!
Whomever hired the landscape company, should demand a refund. I/several of us pay a monthly parking fee & was told we had to move spots for a month for them to store plants.....almost 1 year later, we are still out of our "paid spots". The landscaping looks like a bunch of weeds.....the workers rarely show up. I want my parking spot back. Security....I was threatened a few months back & the guard working obviously knew this man was upset....he let him come in our office and that's when the threats started. I got blamed because I didn't push the distress button, yet why would he even let a person in here, knowing how upset he was? He didn't even get his name, NOTHING. I feel everyone that comes through security, should have their ID scanned so this doesn't happen again.
The offices are tight in space for the cabinets and seating required.
The walls and carpets throughout the building are dirty, stained, and dated. Overall, I am satisfied with my personal workspace. It could be vacuumed more frequently. \\Thank you for improving the no-smoking signs outside the Cohen building. There is less smoke in the immediate areas surrounding the entrance doors this year than there was last year.
The building is very old, and not designed for the amount of staff that use it. There is a refresh slated to come, but with the layout of the lanes and office work spaces, it is inefficient. The climate inside  the building is erratic, with some spaces frigid, and others too hot...all in the same day and time. Work tickets have been called in, but sometimes there is bickering about whose function to address the issue is (example - primary booth doors and locks, heating/cooling in the booths, etc.) GSA does have a monthly meeting, and the meetings help. The water situation in Lynden at this time is not acceptable, but I understand it may be in the works for correction.  Construction of a new port would be very much needed to promote the mission efficiently, and could mirror what CBSA has on the other side of our border. That would be a best case scenario.
The elevator operation causes anxiety from day to day. It is constantly malfunctioning ie., getting stuck, stops between floors and gives a violent jolt. Building causes a lot of allergy symptoms due to mold and dust.Temperature inconsistencies with office space. Some parts are freezing and some parts are hot. Water from the faucet in the kitchen area is has a foul smell when you turn on faucets
What works for one person doesn't necessarily work for everyone.  We were forced into a new workspace configuration a few years ago because it would be quieter, and the temperature would be better--those were lies,  We hear the noise from the other end of the office all the time and the temperature regulation is worse.  And then we don't have space for needed areas-storage etc, but the idiots that GSA listened to on design have things set up on a diagonal.  What kind of idiot thinks that diagonals will save space?
garbage on the grounds coming from the parking to building, vomit, have to be careful where you walk because of what is on the grounds on a typical morning. Not a pleasant experience.
You can hear everything all around you. No privacy at all your voice is magnified.
design of the nurse's nooks not good, need to be facing out and not in space with only one exit ,have back to the hallway, needs to be looking out so that staff are facing and can see someone coming, computers need to be facing out so that people can't look over your shoulder.
As with previous building surveys, the building is outdated, old and needs fresh paint and carpet throughout. GSA is slow to respond to issues. Housekeeping is actually getting worse. Guard staff is inconsistent on handling day to day issues.
i am working in office provided by establishment in the FO and I don't believe that the survey is  applicable to me.
This office has had and still has major plumbing issues with the staff restrooms and the public restrooms.  It seems every two to three weeks,  a plumber is being called in to fix the same problem.  We have had to close the office due to this issue.  It would be wise for GSA, when possible, to have free standing federal buildings for SSA.  2) There are no windows in this building other than the front windows in the reception area.  3) the roof leaks from time to time.
While my personal workplace is great, other than the noise from the construction on the building behind FBB, which makes it impossible to concentrate for long periods of time, the kiosk space in the SCIF could use significant improvement.  It needs more computers, a garbage can, a burn bag, a place to store notebooks rather than just one shared filing cabinet for everyone who uses the space, etc.
I want to be able to use my trash can for all of my trash, including candy wrappers, banana peels, and gum.  We've been advised not to use them for these purposes, so why have trash cans at our desks?
one building 15x20 with 7 folks with desks work in and no restrooms
Some times it can be loud with multiple people on phone calls at the same time. Also always very cold in the afternoon. Even people walking through our area comment on how cold it is in here. I am talking about Sapphire POD at Eugene VA Clinic.
exterior building hazards
Many employees experience enhanced allergy symptoms in the cab of the Air Traffic Control Tower, including myself, whose allergies are normally very mild.  Air filtration of allergens is non resistant and the equipment is difficult to keep dust free.\\There is no hot water in the Cab.  The urinals do not completely flush leaving a terrible odor at times in the men's room.  The shower has no venting to remove excess humidity.
For the nearly 200 employees in our building, there is no place for breaks or to eat lunch.  We have a small room with a freezer and refrigerator, but have to sit at our desk to eat.  Also, the elevator in our building has been out of operation for  nearly a year, with no timeline to get it back into operation.  The exterior of our building looks like a gold flake covered turd.   The air management system makes the place too hot in the morning and too cool in the afternoon.  The building has no directory listing the location of offices for the ability to find the person you need to conduct business with.  With the growing number of employees, work spaces are becoming overcrowded and it is nearly impossible to have a conversation without many employees overhearing.
The Peace Bridge Authority does the bare minimum to keep the place running. Little or no preventive maintenance (ie HVAC before summer or winter).\Cleanliness of booths is gross - rarely cleaned.
Building has been fraught with problems in the year since we moved in.  Currently have a mouse problem that is being worked.  We have to live with  problems for a long time before they are fixed.
Some of the exterior windows leak on the second floor of the Automation Wing.  Building maintenance stated that they cannot be fixed.  The drywall continues to deteriorate.\\Exterior windows and  screens on the second floor of the Automation Wing are never cleaned.\\The tops of shelves, cabinets, and work stations are never dusted.  I have to periodically wipe my computer and all surfaces of my work station.\\All surfaces in the break area of the second floor of the Automation Wing are never wiped.  No one regularly cleans the interior or exterior of the refrigerator or microwave oven.  \\A cut-out section of wall (perhaps for an electrical outlet that was never used) in the break room of the second floor of the Automation Wing has not been repaired for years.
The layout of the building and the packing in of employees is not conducive to productive work.  Studies have shown this and it is proven here.  Lots of noise, can hear everyone's conversations, printers going off, people constantly walking by your workstation.  Very hard to concentrate when you have to. The carpeting is worn and dirty.  The bathrooms are a city block away. This really wasn't a good choice for a building, the open plan design is not suited for this kind of work (when you have to concentrate and pay constant attention to details) and unfortunately we have to live with it.
Building can be very cold sometimes during the summer. Should conserve energy by not making the temperature so low. Even the airports are finally saving energy! What use to be freezer are now comfortable temperature. Likely a lot more difficult in a high rise building but should at least be given some thought and consideration.
This years survey was better formulated to garner my answers. Our workspace needs better janitorial service; particularly, the men’s locker room area. The temperature control issues may have been corrected, recently.
Mold and poor air quality in my department offices on 9th deck - reported/tested positive numerous times; no one cares; building manager is present 1-2 hours a day 2 days a week - if that. Almost non-responsive. Incompetence = promotion?? Fence/gate integrity makes it easy to sneak in if someone wanted to. Security caught sleeping at back gate.
Windows need better glass/sound proofing, and it would be nice if they opened.  All else is fine.  As an attorney, we need personal, enclosed work spaces.  Our current set-up (the old style with offices) works best.  Please don't adjust.  Thank you
cannot speak to patients in confidence.
The type of personal space is very poor. Open to noise, radios, phone calls. Almost within lab, making for noise and smells.
I'm on an open row so anyone pulling anything from the printer is looking right at my desktop, foot traffic in the aisle is distracting and noisy
My main dissatisfaction with this building is that it is not earthquake compliant. They have retrofitted the boiler plant but not the main hospital that holds the patients and a large number of employees. In addition there are some glaring shortcomings in the remodel of the inpatient hospital section; when this was done the end users were not consulted.
Would like a better quality toilet paper provided in restrooms; would like multiple seating options provided in common areas.  For instance, the break room on the 2nd floor would benefit from over-sized chairs and/or couches and chat-areas, rather than just cafeteria tables/chairs.
I only reason I didn't rate the building cleanliness better, is because I would like to see the bathrooms swept and mopped more often & also the common area & showers in the locker rooms cleaned more often & also the cubicles to be vacuumed. I know this is very hard to accomplish when the building is occupied with employees coming in and out of those spaces.
This office space is an old residence that was condemned as living space but deemed OK to use as an office. Employees are using the bedrooms as offices. The phone and internet systems frequently fail and completely halt productivity due to our reliance on internet based systems. I have never seen a maintenance or janitorial person in the building. Entry/Exit lighting does not work. some door do not latch properly.
Why haven't the carpets been cleaned in over 4 years?  They should be cleaned every year!  There are stains everywhere and it looks gross!  Not a good impression on visitors!
Overall, 6650 Telecom is a WONDERFUL place (the view out my west-facing window and all the west-facing windows is MARVELOUS).
Outdoor appearance of this building at 1800F St. is embarrassing.  Peeling and chipping paint, with hundreds of window A/C units.  Those units are noisy which affects meetings where telecons are needed--resulting in difficulty hearing in room conversations for those dialed in remotely. Apparently there is no budget for upgrades.
Need cleaner restrooms and better air venting.
Still highly concerned about the move to 50% of the usable space, designed with INCREASED telework/hoteling in mind, given the new requirement that all employees appear in the office 4 days per week.  The current work space offers privacy, soundproofing, and storage, with large cubes and high cube walls that are spaced well enough apart.  The designs we've seen for the new space in the federal building offer low walls with workspaces tightly packed (no privacy, no soundproofing), and no storage.
I don't like that there is lead paint.  It is a hazard, causes cancer, and needs to be removed.  This is a hazard.
We work nights, weekends and holidays. During these times, the air is turned off in the common areas, including the bathrooms and the kitchens. It can get very hot in the summer and the bathrooms can smell very bad, like sewage. There were also cockroaches in the men's urinals. The worst thing is the main kitchen on the second floor. It's surrounded by windows and in the summer, it acts like a hot box. The trash is picked up in the morning, so trash accumulates from that time on Friday until Monday morning. This could bring pests and rodents and in the kitchen, the air ventilation is turned off, so the food starts to rot and smell in the large garbage cans. All of the trash in the building should be disposed of after lunch on Friday or at the end of the day on Friday so that it doesn't sit and fester over the weekend. This applies to the trash cans in the entire building, not just in the kitchens. Of course, by Monday morning the ventilation is turned back on and the rotting smell dissipates but the food has been rotting all weekend. This is especially problematic when they clean out the fridges once a month. Two entire large two door refrigerators of food are emptied into the overflowing trash cans and rot and smell all weekend. It's really bad. We need to either keep the ventilation on (not an option we're told, due to cost), or have the janitorial staff make an end of the day trash disposal on Fridays.
building air temperature cause allergy and sickness.
HVAC is poorly maintained by the facilities staff here at FCC Forrest City Medium.  They never work and when they do Administration allows them to do it on overtime rather than during working hours.  It is never fixed and if it does get fixed they call in contractors to do the work.  No one in the Facilities department can or will do any work.  If you want to see come unannounced walk back into the facilities department and you'll see them not working and this is with inmate workers present playing games or watching tv.  You'll have to do this with the phones to the area temp shut down so other staff do not tell them you are on the way.  Also make sure they do not call them on the radio or their personal cell phones that they tend to forget they have when they come to work by the rear gate rather than the lobby to avoid the metal detector and screening site.
Difficult to have multiple calls going at same time in room of cubicles; no ability to use speaker phone for note taking during conference calls.\\If there is any building security, I have not seen it. When working later in the day or evening, I don't feel safe entering bathrooms and using stairs because building is open to the public all day.
Parking lot need a lot of work
Need more resources and tools to combat genres
Permanent individual workspaces, as well as permanent team spaces, would be a big improvement in the quality of 1800 F
I think that housekeeping should be assigned more areas that include all areas the stairs by the south elevator has chips on the floor between the g and 1st floor and brownie crumbs on the floor between ground and basement and they have been there for over a week.  The parking garage has garbage all over it.  I noticed when I went to go home yesterday even our front entry had blowing papers around the sidewalk and on the road and parking areas. Our cleanliness is a show of how well we take care of our veterans and from the sight of the front area yesterday I would think that evidently people just don't care.
The computer is in the  middle, which does not seem the best way to give us working space.  The computer and mouse cannot be set up very ergonomically correct.  inflexible.  They raise and lower but not move forward.  I need the computer to be brought closer to me.  the side desks don't give much space and are not very adjustable.
I hotel in the same desk. white noise seems a bit loud for my liking but I could be close to a speaker? generally building is clean and well maintained.
This building is older and space here is at a premium. But those that are in charge of maintaining the facility do an excellent job.
There is an unusually high amount of very fine particulate "dust" (it's blackish) that accumulates on all surfaces.  It truly makes me worried/wonder about the filtration by our a/c and heating systems :-/
This building would be fine if it were not so cold and the bathrooms were nicer, and better ventilated.
During the winter the overall office space is at a workable temperature. However, my office space is either too hot or too cold. My office space is located where the heat and air first enters the building. There are times during the winter that I am wearing my coat, hat, and gloves at my desk space to stay warm. Then there are days that it is too hot especially in the afternoons. I have to wear layers all year long as in the AM it is colder and in the PM it is hotter.
This desk is in a high traffic area and should not be available for a workstation
Building is usually in constant disarray unless they know ahead of time someone is visiting. Safety violations were filed just to get them to clean the bathrooms. Took two weeks to get the air conditioner in the checkpoint fixed thus we were working in 80+ degree temperatures with as many as 50 people present and no ventilation even though we had contacted the airport manager numerous times. Flickering light in the office, permanently stained carpets, and we have to maintain our own office as they have never come to vacuum, dust, or take out the trash in many, many, months.
none
Due to air quality an temperature issues in the office, I often have a headache, additional sinus congestion and ear aches so I my manager allows me to work at home on a temporary full time basis. They seem to have gotten the temperature in the office area under control which helps reduce reactions to the quality of the air but it has still been uncomfortably warm and humid in the common areas (halls, restroom, etc) when I have gone in to work.
the building in general is not cleaned very well, we do make the housekeeping staff aware when it gets so bad we can't stand it anymore then what ever we have ask them to do they will do it, but the whole building never gets cleaned at once.
My office furniture and chairs are very nice and ergonomic. Carpets within the offices are worn and stained. Most of the building is freezing and I cannot get a satisfactory temperature in my office even after several complaints.
It's usually too cold in the summer and winter.  The cleaning people never remove dead bugs from traps.  There is one right now in the handicap bathroom on the 31st floor smh... Big Cock Roach... They don't vacuum on a regular, that I knw of, however I'm not in everyday; but the days I am; I see the vacuuming, but, I have only had my space done a couple time.  Maybe because I was there, however I would have moved.  I have a broom and dust pan of my own...When they do vacuum you have to ask them to come back... I had a meeting with exec's last week; we had to call every day to make sure the room was cool... It appears to me that if a problem is reported, you should check back a couple time to make sure everything is okay; without a daily call from the customer...  I had a function in the Atrium and needed to have some tables mover around.  It took over an hour to get assistance.  The ones that were right there stated it wasn't their job... contact your contact for assistance...  This is after someone asked if everything was okay.  It was until I found out we couldn't use sternos because of a fire hazard... I do understand, but this something I needed to know ahead of time.  So we had to move the serving table to where electric sockets was so we could use crock pots.  If I knew this ahead of time I'm sure we would have had NO problems, but after we did.  we needed immediate assistance and it just didn't happen.  It's just a couple things but very important things .  Maybe a little more attention to detail..
The outlets keep blowing out the microwaves.  The gate in the stairwell between floors one and two has not been secure for a few weeks.  Someone can come up the stairs through the parking garage.  The gate lock was initially broken then taken off and has not been replaced in over two weeks.  The stairwells are not kept clean on a regular basis and there are roaches running around.  The ventilation in the bathrooms are horrible and smells terribly every day.  The water works most of the time; however, sometimes the water does not turn on or is running for hours and the pressure is low and horrible.  The temperature of the water is not consistent.  The paper towels are located in the back of the bathroom and people need to go around each other to get paper towels and exit the rest room.  The temperature in the offices are inconsistent.  Mondays are always hot and sometimes it's freezing.
need more offices
the noise level is only minimal since I personally work swing shift and there are no other teams other than mine around the area.  Otherwise, it is fairly noisy, anyone that sits outside the break rooms or rest rooms need extra partitions due to the noise level since the building did not include doors that close. There is a horrible problem with various bugs inside and out during summer since you do not spray enough. The outdoor common area is not cleaned during the evenings since it is closed off to the public and the tenants are not wanted by the owner.
As Chief of operations, I have a single-person room.  However, the officers areas are open workspaces that are chomped up into different rooms connected by a single door.
The USDA South Building is functional, and the janitorial staff do their best to keep it clean. It is just an old building, though, and I have seen a mouse and dead cockroaches around on a occasion. Not much that can be done about that, though.
Valmeyer has the absolute worst personal workspace. You are practically sitting on eachother's laps and have to move your chairs every time someone comes behind you because of the lack of space. And they want to bring more individuals into the small workspace. It's like a sweatshop.
when we first moved in we were able to use the stairs instead of the elevator, they installed a PIV reader and that changed unless your PIV was in the system for the building. Then they added gates to enter the building and they were controlled by a PIV reader, they worked great unless your PIV was not in the system, the overall building is too warm, the white noise generator is annoying, the meeting rooms are small and difficult to actually schedule without a conflict, they get double booked pretty regularly
Stairwells and windows seem dirtier than they used to be.  The security personnel seem fine, some are quite friendly (which I like).  The layers of security which they are required to enforce and we are required to endure seem excessive; security theater without much need.  I'd like to see more composting options in the hallway kitchens.  The bathrooms and kitchens often lack papertowels or the dispensers do not work. I think our building is showing its age (bathrooms, hallways, etc), but I realize there is not much to do to improve that without a major investment of capital and a lot of inconvenience.  The office temperature is better for me now than it has been in the past.
Our building is located in a high crime area, across the street from a gas station that routinely experiences armed robberies, and next to an apartment complex which has routine problems with drug arrests, robberies and assaults. Just last week an armed robbery occurred in this apartment complex:\https://www.tulsaworld.com/news/crimewatch/man-runs-from-armed-robbers-at-east-tulsa-apartments-thursday/article_0ae56c8d-79b4-5b7e-8176-16372582c314.html\\We have several female shift workers who must walk to/from their cars late at night, weekends, or early morning to get into the building. Several of our employees have been approached by presumably homeless people asking for money. This is a high risk situation for our employees. We respectfully request a 24 hour armed guard be located at our building. It's the most inexpensive way to remedy this problem now, before something happens to one of our staff.
The garage and sidewalks are chipping/have pot holes that need to be filled. The bollards/speed bumps at the entrance of the garage are hard on my vehicle. I pay a monthly fee to park in the garage but GSA is responsible for repairs. I have been told there are other pressing maintenance and projects that need worked on before the garage. This should be a priority considering it is something impacting all employees that park there on a daily basis.
My desk is too small in my multi use office, I need a larger desk so that I can stop using two chairs to hold my office things.
Building owners are consistently GREAT!
Overall, I have a few suggestions to improve the workspace. 1. Have maintenance clean space behind desk with wires that collects dust where the desk does not meet the wall and things fall down and accumulate.  2. Have maintenance move desk to be flush against the wall in instances where there is an awkward space. 3. Improve ventilation in women's bathroom on second floor. 4. Improve cleaning of toilets, doors, and floors in women's bathroom on second floor (since lights were fixed now we can see the dirt on toilet, floor, and doors).  5. Clean gym area or provide cleaning cloths to be used after personal use of the equipment. 6. Deep clean break room floor.
I like my cube, as cubes go anyway. My outside wall needs to be fixed to the ground.
The parking spaces outside the building are too small and not in regulation.  There is not enough parking
They are trying to fix the air conditioner, but the dampers are loud. I wish we could just open a window. We need away to turn the heat off in June/July/August at night, we don't need the heat to kick on to warm things up. It is very bright in the operations area. I wish we had lights on a dimmer switch so each workstation can adjust the lights to their own liking.
Fitness area bathrooms are disgusting and need attentin
My work space is too small and other workstations that sit outside my office are so close, that I have to keep my office door closed all the time.  I spent a lot of time on the phone and/or my employees are in my office.
Construction noise from the floor above us is very loud and disruptive. Poor air quality and odors may also be construction related. Frequently smells bad. Poor ventilation, very warm and stuffy. Cannot adjust temperature. This is for 450 Golden Gate Ave in San Francisco (building selection is not showing up)
1 - It gets really dusty in here very quickly.  If people don't dust their work areas (many don't) it gets really thick.  I am allergic to dust.\2 - It is often stuffy/hot on Monday mornings, and depending on where in the building you are, can be frigid.\3 - I wish I had a standing desk in my cube.  I also wish I had an entire wall of cabinets.\4 - Conference rooms are often kind of messy.  We don't need all the cabinets in there; those could be removed to make more space.  Also, on 10th floor GOMR, an entire large conference room is being used as IT equipment storage.  This is a huge waste of space.  We now have 2 nearly empty badge-access protected large file rooms where the equipment could be equivalently stored to free up that conference room for use.
Stairwells need to be painted after they get rid of the asbestos and lead.  The way that Goodfellas treats the people that work there.  Donna is not racist.  You are going to lose these folks and they are the best.  Please let Donna come back or I am afraid that Raymond may leave and that would be not be good for the complex.  They are very good the complex, so please allow Donna  to come back
The desk area is not set up for using a computer. It is a very old desk and leaves no room for working with two monitors, a key board, and printed documents that I need to write on.
Our work space and storage space is small and cramped. Overall space in this building is not used well, with large open spaces wasted, while work spaces are limited and overcrowded with people, supplies and equipment.
Offices are never cleaned or vacuumed. Trash stays in hallways for weeks. There are chicken bones on the building entrance steps that have been there for over a month. Multiple toilets spit water on your clothing when flushing, no matter how quickly you try to leave the stall. (Staff know which toilets are the worst and avoid those). Restrooms run out of soap. There has been mold/mildew around the wall next to the break room faucet for nearly a year. None of this is an exaggeration.
I have requested reasonable accomodations
I like the building, but do wish there was an area where we could wash dishes out instead of the bathroom sink.
I have been assigned to this building for 12 years, since it was literally brand-new or renovated.  The restrooms here are literally disgusting. Every year I write about the lack of ventilation and the unclean restrooms and nothing ever changes.  Shopping malls have hundreds of people in and out of their restrooms and are cleaner and don't smell this bad.  Why can't someone just figure out how to get rid of the smell with an odor control system of some kind? I just don't understand what is so difficult. I am beginning to wonder if the constant colds and flu around here are from the ventilation in the bathroom alone.  No one should have to breathe in germs and stench that are stagnant and unhealthy.
We are in the trailer behind the main Cincinnati VA. We have heard this would be a temporary location.
The interiors are getting dingy - deteriorating wallpaper, etc.  It's clear that little upkeep is going to be done in the interim before our move next year.
Lighting for our vehicle area is poor, it is warm in the summer and cooler in the winter for work area which is totally unacceptable, carpet is old, worn torn and pieces placed in areas with rips, totally unprofessional
Building and its location is completely wrong for Law Enforcement work.
Office Manager has a single-person office.
I'm the only one in an open area - just relocated here from V22 last fall and am new to learning the timekeeping systems and sitting out when everyone else has an office (the other 3 timekeepers have office individually) has been a huge disadvantage for me in my job performance.  However, eventually this year we are to move to 9th floor and will be in an office.
Having an enclosed single-person office with a window that gets natural light is pivotal to my satisfaction with my workspace.
One side of my workspace is open, one side is glass, and one side is a window (which acts like a mirror for large parts of the day because we are so far north that it gets dark rather early much of the year...opposite the window is glass so the "mirror" effect means I'm distracted by everyone walking down the corridor to the bathroom and kitchen).  The visual and noise distractions are so terrible that I've started teleworking Mons & Weds as well as working on the floor in a reading cubby (it's too small for furniture) and the library.  Our set up is visually appealing for a living room but horribly non-functional for actually working.  Functionality should be prioritized over visual appeal given that this is a work environment, not a place to live or entertain.
Temperatures in my office are never comfortable.  I have addressed this situation with building services several times and they say they are working on it.  In the winter, the office is usually in the mid-to-upper 70s so I have to wear short sleeves.  In the summer, it is in the mid 60s so I have to wear a sweater.
Security on this campus is in direct conflict with our mission of service to the public. "Random" screenings are not random, and unnecessary. \\Mouse problem has gotten out of control.\\White noise generators and random unattended alarms create unacceptable noise pollution.
The attorney offices are too small.  Many of them include huge dry wall covered support beams that take up a considerable amount of space AND in some instances are in the center of the far wall.  Building is curved in design which impacts the usable space within those offices located along the outer wall of the building, which in this case applies to most of the offices for line AUSAs.
Not enough office space for the amount of personnel in CIO/Division
We have one person for the whole station who is responsible for cutting grass, plowing snow, maintaining exterior and interior, cleaning and maintenance. The cleanliness of the restrooms, locker room, and processing room is disgusting and hardly ever cleaned. The cleanliness throughout the wrest of the interior is questionable at best. The parking lot is extremely slippery in the winter in part because there is always two-three inches of compact snow left on the ground because the building owner doesn't want to "ruin" a blade to properly and adequately remove snow and ice. The overall size of the building is too small and inadequate for the number of agents assigned to work from it. We need a better car washing system. We have an old dilapidated garden hose, a power washer which never has gas, no gas can to get gas, and have to leave the "secure" sally port garage door open to wash cars outside so we don't flood it. During the winter we can't wash cars unless there is a budget to take it through an actual car wash witch doesn't seem to happen often.  We have a gated parking lot and security cameras which is absolutely necessary in todays day and age and is much appreciated. I have noticed some of the cameras don't work properly and could be fixed.
One side of our building is extremely cold, while the other side (the side I wok in) is uncomfortable (hot). Temperatures outside read 109. On Sundays, the air-conditioning is not turned on. People on my side have purchased personal air coolers, while people on the other side oh the office use space heaters.
HUD building is aesthetically ugly, old and antiquated.  Restrooms never work and look like they're from the 1950s.  Kitchen in 8254 has not worked for 2 years.  Common areas are okay and clean, but could use a refresh.  More computers for personal web browsing would be nice as well as more food options.
I'm not satisfied with the snack bar that is now in the building. All food items are now in vending machines and on numerous occasions when I've been in the office, the computers are down that operate the machines, which makes it extremely inconvenient for those who want to remain in the building for something to eat, or just have a cup of coffee. I think a regular snack bar/food place should contain people who actually work there to cook or make the food so it is fresher and tastes better. Thank you.
I work with wonderful crew of professionals. However, the prison is very outdated in it's design. \1)There is moss or mold growing on the outside of the housing buildings structure which looks awful. 2)The AC stops working frequently in the PODs we work in. \3)No elevators to connect the top and lower units in the unit management areas. \4)The locks to the cells are outdated and not heavy duty enough for the level of Inmate we house. All new FCI's have bigger stronger doors and locks standard but we still have the less secure versions with the same or higher level Inmates. \5)Only one unit out of 12 has bars on the sallyport inside windows and door, the other ones are just glass. \6)The Unit officer has an office upstairs which is extremely inconvenient because all day long you  have to run back and forth to open the outer door. \7)There is no safe space for the CO to go in the pod because the offices in the units have no bars on the windows and doors except maybe one of the twelve.
I like the secure bike room.  However, if a rack comes off the wall, it takes a long time  for it to get fixed.  The racks often fill up and I won't leave my high-performance bike unlocked.  If there is not a rack, I will take it to my office, but that makes GSA cranky.\\It is ridiculous that bikes are not allowed to use the vehicle gate if it's open.  GSA stated it is federal law all tenants must follow posted signs, but there are no signs prohibiting bikes from using the vehicle gates.\\HC button on ped gate on N Street does not work.
cubicle partitions are old, stained, ripped and have been repeatedly found with bed bugs and other insects living inside them.
the emergency department is small and cramped. difficult to maneuver patients, store equipment. department always looks sloppy and unprofessional. curtains do not work. pt and employees are too close, no privacy. area is loud - they and we can hear everything going on.
I would like a table/ledge or hanging pegs in the bath rooms so employee can place their lunch bags, notebooks, coats, etc.
Having a mostly open workspace is very distracting especially during busy times of the year when there are several different people having appointments at one time. It's also distracting having a space next to the printer with people coming and going.
I sit on the first floor in the middle of the building with an interior office space which receives no ambient light, temperature is inconsistent, no cell phone signal, no wifi signal, walls are too thin with a transparent glass wall that people can see through. We have a noise generator that is on 24 hours a day.
You can not talk on the phone or with a colleague without having everyone hear everything you're saying. \\This survey also does not work correctly. It will not keep the information of where I work.  I work at DHS/ICE/Washington, DC in the PCN building.
The security force, while highly professional and courteous,  needs to have additional personnel to cover spacious facility. This will also increase the feeling of safety within the campus. \Yes, I do know who to contact for any building issues. That is to say that Engineering remains as the POC. I request that you clarify that specific question so that it reflects the timeliness and efficiency of the response .
I wish the floors were cleaned more often.  I think they get cleaned and waxed every few years.
Our guard is useless. He spends he day on his cell phone and does nothing else.
Employees really need an outside spot with tables that is kept clean with the garbage emptied daily to enjoy the outdoors and get away to rejuvenate during the day that is away from traffic.
Lack of privacy, sometimes it's difficult to have a conversation in my workspace because of the phone calls or conversations in the adjoining work areas.
Our office had a major flood in February 2018 from the office space above us.  Their water heater ruptured and fried our servers and flooded the carpet and linoleum in several areas.  If one of my technicians had not been here working OT, we wouldn't have known until after the holiday weekend.  It could have been so much worse since electrical was involved.  Multiple attempts were made to contact the GSA rep yet they NEVER responded.  Our center's AO also attempted to get a hold of the rep and they never responded to him either.  They have also never come by since our initial meeting with FPS and they have never followed up on what happened.  I dealt directly with the building owner to get dryers, dehumidifiers, and everything else we needed to get our space dried out and the wet dog smell eliminated as much as possible.  I was highly dissatisfied with our representative on this issue.  Our center AO eventually went above them to someone else, and that was the ONLY GSA contact we had during the whole ordeal, it was very disappointing.
How is it acceptable that only 3 elevators service 15 floors of government agencies? This is GOVERNMENT WASTE AT IT'S FINEST!!! Hundreds of government workers rely on these elevators on a daily basis. They are extremely inefficient. The rumor is that a new contractor has been "servicing" them, however they are mostly not functional. Many hours are wasted on a weekly basis waiting for elevators - if you multiply the number of federal workers who wait on average 45 minutes to an hour each day for elevators, you'll recognize this tremendous amount of waste. Many people have missed their respective commuter trains because the elevators run poorly. It is common knowledge that in order to call the elevator to travel down to the 1st floor, you’d have to press the "up" button. I’m not sure how this is acceptable. This is government waste and it is completely frustrating for so many of us federal employees who enjoy their job & want to work.  On another note, it also extremely frustrating dealing with Bernice White (contractor) receptionist for GSA! She is very rude & unprofessional. Jim Kelliher, JFK building manager is not far behind, in fact he wins the award for WORST GOVERNMENT HACK in history. He is a liar - he fabricated a story and falsely reported to the Federal Police that I deliberately clogged toilets on at least 20+ occasions - COMPLETELY UNTRUE. I'm not sure how anyone with a position of trust can continue to be employed and trusted. Poorly functioning toilets and inadequate water pressure caused clogging and flooding in the ladies’ rooms on multiple floors. This is a chronic problem and it continues to be a problem, but less so (my guess is that the water pressure was adjusted). Either way, I expect that one day, Jim Kelliher will be escorted in handcuffs for his ruthless conduct.  Other comments:  the cleaning staff needs better training, bathrooms are not properly cleaned, the office space is poorly vacuumed, and the props used to dust are often times filthy. Cubicles are very old & tired.
safety outside in parking lot, homeless, transients, garbage
no windows and noise from two adjacent offices during counseling sessions.  Temperatures fluctuate and are not able to be regulated through the thermostat
Building 10 is a known problem. Even if one finds maintenance staff to help you, most real problems can not be fixed due to it's age. Ventilation, temperature, elevators, stairways, floor tiles- all problems
This building is not appropriate for our job as law enforcement.  Government vehicles have been vandalized here, building and parking is open to the public causing employees to have to take a subject into custody on our floor which is also not secure.  No detention cells or sally port is available for detained subjects.  I have had to interview suspects of criminal investigations in an exterior public courtyard because no interview rooms are available.  Management secured their floor from the public as well as most employees due to what we were advised are "security concerns".
Our building is overcrowded and it is difficult to complete work with the noise from employees in nearby workstations.
Have never had a tenant appreciation event.  It's about time for one.
We have low-wall/no-wall cubicles that formerly served two separate agencies. There are power issues, connectivity issues, the phones are crap, the supervisor's offices have no separate heat/cooling/ventilation...
Bldg is very nice and clean, the parking area while is nice is usually pretty dirty with littered and trash. We have had several mentions of it from patients and we see it ourself on a daily basis. We also have no speakers in our lab area so as when there is a patient in distress and it is announced, we have no idea.....even if it is in our own area!!!  Serious patient concerns but has seemingly fallen on def ears. Maintenance has looked at our water issues but cant seem to correct so we have ice cold water at handwashing sink and high temp water at eyewash, otherwise, a pretty nice facility from my perspective.
In a cube, too much noise due to Others chatting both on and off phone.  they use speaker phone and talk loud
I have noticed a lack of air circulation in west side of the building this year that has not been the case in previous years.  During the summer months, this makes the office area uncomfortably warm, especially in the afternoon.
The building is OK given it's age.  There are some problems regulating the HVAC.
Our building uses automatic bathroom sprayers in an attempt to mask odor.  These sprays are loaded with toxic chemicals.  These need to be stopped immediately for the health of the occupants.  There are several natural alternatives including essential oils or charcoal based products.  People are tired of being slowly poisoned on purpose.  Please do your research and stop this practice.\\The other issue is the use of wifi in the workspace.  There are multiple wife repeaters installed in the ceilings throughout the building.  Wifi signals have many negative impacts on human health.  The employees are not allowed to connect to the wifi on a normal basis anyway.  It is only intended for meeting rooms and guests.  This wifi needs to be either removed from the building or only installed in the meeting rooms.  At minimum the repeaters need to be removed from the cubicle workspace as we are blasted 8 hours a days with this health hazard.
The AC vents and ceiling needs weekly cleaning.  They have visible dust.  Maybe this will reduce the allergy symptoms employees experience within the building.  \Our world has changed tremendously in a violent way but I feel as though our safety has not kept up with the times.  Our office does not have safety glass at the interview windows.  We do not have x-ray machine or metal detector at the entrance.  Customer bags are not searched upon entry for our safety.  We only have one officer that patrols lobby and grounds.  Hopefully we'll never have a serious incident while he is out patrolling outside the building.
Computers are slow, whole area needs remodeled, poor ergonomics.
Please, no workstations that people can see over when seated.
Under counter keyboard attachment is very low for a tall person.  Could have better adjustment features.
I have none at this time.
The temperature is very inconsistent and uncomfortable. Our building is outdated.
The cleaning crew should service the building at night since they are always vacuuming during the day which disrupts activity because the sound is very loud. Also they do not dust. The majority of work stations are all dusty. The building is beautiful, but many of the new features do not work such as the sinks on all floors, electric soap dispensers.
It would be nice to have flush toilets
Very difficult to protect PII in an open work area.
prefer that the florescent lights to alternate, as its too bright.
The building is too cold in the summer, but the temperature is fine in the winter. The lighting in the hallways on floors C2, C1, 1, and 3-5 is too dim (State Department areas only, not APhA). Not all of the surfaces in workspaces get dusted, just the easier to reach places. This is not a GSA problem, but at times in the last several months, trash was not picked up in a timely manner (floor 5) and used food containers, peelings, etc., remained in the cubicle bin over a weekend, or for 2 or more weekdays. While I understand that vacuum service must take place during work hours, when the contractors have to be escorted, vacuuming is very disruptive during the work day.
The extreme temperatures in our offices are a serious health hazard. We have placed dozens of work orders but the problem persists. We can't work with 90-100 degree air blowing on us. Please help!!!!!
The bathroom needs better air circulation.    None of the outlets in the bathroom work.  Even a small fan that moves the air would be nice.
I have not been at this building for 12 months.  I am on a detail, and have been here for a very short time.  This building is quite accommodating.  The guards are very respectful.
My complaints about cleanliness have been brought to my supervisor's and Housekeepings attention repeatedly, but Housekeeping cannot, or will not assign a Housekeeper that is capable of doing his assigned duties. The bathroom has not been cleaned in over a week, non of the offices in the building have been vacuumed in 4 months. There is a chair that has been sitting outside with a "Broken, Please remove" card on it for 2 weeks.\\Other than the cleanliness issues, Everything else is fine.
Recently added near the building's main entrance guard booth is a sign that says, "BSC employees right lane"; the gate in the left lane has been broken for weeks, left in the upright position.  Employees were able to badge in from both lanes, so this new sign is creating longer lines to get in the building, while the gate in the left lane remains broken and open.  The broken gate makes the building entrance less secure, and  inconveniences the employees who should be able to use their badge in both lanes.
Much of my PERSONAL  WORKSPACE IS AT THE BEDSIDE; some of my personal workspace is at the nurses station; I spend about 25% of my time at the nurses station; i spend 75% at the bed side or very NEAR bedside, standing while using a portable computer.
As a manager I have to share office space with my seasonal rangers, not a lot of privacy. Desk arrangement does not allow the use of a stand up computer desk.
The Bethpage area has been in the news for months in reference to Radon being found in the water supply. The Bethpage office is adjacent to the park and across the street from Bethpage High School, where Radon has been found. The building is located in the Grumman clean up area. This building should be closed and no employees should be subject to working there. The Hauppauge office should remain open and all employees should go there instead of Bethpage.
Not enough space in my desk area and locking storage is too small. The parking stalls are way too small. I've been hit two times. One was a hit & run. There should be cameras in garage. Elevators are dangerous, because the doors close before some people can get to them.
Modern cublicle partitioneds would be better for buffering noise from adjacent work space.
This building is not suited for our needs.  There is no adequate storage and no freight elevator.  The garage is literally crumbling to pieces and leaks water though out, often causing damage to employees vehicles.  Vacuuming is done during business hours interrupting all employees on a regular basis.  One of the building's security guards singles out VA employees on a regular basis preventing them from moving supplies and equipment throughout the building in a timely manner.
Being a supervisor, being placed in a small cube with no privacy or space for visitors causes challenges in day to day functions.
see previous comment regarding wall height
The parking situation for employees could be better, not to mention parking for claimants who come here and don't have any money for parking.
enough filing cabinet space and electrical outlet options/quantity/location
The weekend guards need better training. They ask for ID, read it and then ask what agency are you with after just reading credentials.  Then say they never heard of it and attempt to deny access.  If you are a tenant in the building, have a parking pass, and show proper ID why is access so difficult???
This building continues to be far superior to any in which I have been assigned in my thirty-five year career with the Federal Government.  Constructive comments would be: The FPS officer is specifically NOT allowed to protect or provide service to any federal worker at this location other than the two W&I customer service employees - NOT the other two dozen IRS workers on site.  This is unconscionable - a direct result of the circa 2000 reorganization of the IRS creating discord and division intended to undermine the effectiveness of the IRS. It worked!!; The parking lots REALLY need to be restriped.  Cannot see parking spaces; Plants on east side of building are poorly maintained and overgrow onto the walkway.  Everything else is in good order or fixed with little delay.
Consider moving OSHA to the space rented by MSHA. It would work better than sharing space with the busybodies at wage and hour.
This survey should also address the garage conditions. The garage stairwells are filthy and rarely get cleaned. Security in the garage stairwells is non-existent. The garage needs to be swept with a street sweeper. The vehicles are covered with dust daily. If a government vehicles sits for a week, it needs a car wash to see out the windshield.
Overall, I am moderately satisfied with the building.  However, there are external doors on the first floor that never close and the doors that do close need to be better insulated to prevent heat loss when closed.  In the winter, this lets excessive cold air into the building unnecessarily and cause the first floor to be extremely cold.  My second issue are the bathrooms.  As far as I know, the 2nd floor bathrooms are generally cleaned once about 10:00 am which leaves a long time for them to be messied.  It may be better to add an additional "refresh" cleaning later in the workday (3:00 pm) or delay the cleaning to a time closer to the end of the workday so that it will be cleaned in the morning.
Keeping the soap dispensers in the restrooms continually filled up is a problem.  The water pressure in the cafeteria rooms is a real problem (it is not fast enough.  Too little water comes out at a time.)  The cubicle trash cans are too small.  The sinks in the restrooms do not necessarily respond when you put your hands under them.
Someone walks thru my office to get to their office.  The whole layout is weird
The partitions are fine when it comes to privacy and design; However, they are cloth which creates a lot of dust and are extremely difficult to clean. They are all dirty and discolored and have some what of an off putting odor.
na
The main drawback is the inconsistent temperatures within the building. Some areas are too cold in the very hot summer, and too hot in the winter. However, the building is currently undergoing remodeling that would hopefully address the temperature issue.
The "enhanced" security screening for employees is ridiculous. It is security theater. The employees have all had background checks, and most of us have security clearances, yet we cannot be trusted to enter while wearing a belt or with a computer in a bag? I do not want to undress before I am allowed to enter my workplace. I am more concerned about the risk to my health and safety caused by the years-long mouse infestation in my office suite or the years of dust in my cubicle walls. And who knows what is living in the carpet?? Employees at the Frances Perkins building do not undergo this screening. Employees at the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security do not undergo security screening! They swipe their badges and walk in. Why aren't BLS employees trusted?
No additional comments at this time.
The workplace set up is not conducive to have private conversations with customers when there are no available team, conference or meeting spaces available. It's extremely too loud.
Limited storage, cheap wobbly design
My main source of dissatisfaction comes from the inability to consistently maintain proper temperatures in the building. Usually something happens to the system over the weekend or overnight causing there to be no AC or no heat in the morning. It takes until Noon to get the building comfortable. The Government should withhold rent money to force the Landlord to correct the problems.
need a periodic thororough cleaning of floors under desks to get out the dead bugs and accumulated dust and small debris